Future Sangria Giraffe

high

# Set milestones in `RFPSimpleStrategy` can exceed 100% `totalAmountPercentage` which may lead to multiple issues
## Summary

Milestones can potentially be set in a way so that they exceed 100% of the `totalAmountPercentage` inside  `RFPSimpleStrategy`, leading to further issues with pool token distribution.

## Vulnerability Detail

When milestones are set via `RFPSimpleStrategy.setMilestones()`, the 
`totalAmountPercentage` has to be equal to `1e18` (100%), otherwise the tx reverts on line 244 in RFPSimpleStrategy.sol.

However milestones can be set in a way so that their `totalAmountPercentage` is higher than `1e18`. Example:

1. `RFPSimpleStrategy.setMilestones()` gets called with 5 milestones, each milestone has an `amountPercentage` of 20% (`1e18/5`), thus passing the check on line 244 in RFPSimpleStrategy.sol, since the total percentage is 100% (1e18). Note that the milestones are added to the `milestones` storage variable on line 236 in RFPSimpleStrategy.sol by pushing them into the `milestones` array.
1. `RFPSimpleStrategy.setMilestones()` gets called again afterwards with another 5 milestones, and each milestone has an `amountPercentage` of 20% (`1e18/5`) again. The tx doesn't revert on line 244 in RFPSimpleStrategy.sol because the `totalAmountPercentage` is equal to `1e18` again.
1. As a result 10 milestones were added, each with an `amountPercentage` of 20% (`1e18/5`), resulting in a total amount percentage of 200% (2e18) for all 10 milestones that are tracked in the `milestones` storage variable.

## Impact

When an upcoming milestone is distributed via `RFPSimpleStrategy._distribute()`, the tx might revert if the distributed milestone exceeds the 100% `totalAmountPercentage`, since there may be not enough funds available in the strategy to transfer the tokens to the recipient.

Or if there are enough funds available in the strategy, the amount of tokens distributed to the recipient might exceed the amount they are eligible to receive, thus leading to a loss of funds.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/rfp-simple/RFPSimpleStrategy.sol#L227-L247

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/rfp-simple/RFPSimpleStrategy.sol#L417-L450

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Consider removing all elements from the `milestones` array inside `RFPSimpleStrategy.setMilestones()` to make sure that `totalAmountPercentage` can never exceed 1e18:

```solidity
// RFPSimpleStrategy
227    function setMilestones(Milestone[] memory _milestones) external onlyPoolManager(msg.sender) {
228        if (upcomingMilestone != 0) revert MILESTONES_ALREADY_SET();
229
230        delete milestones; // <-- @audit remove all milestones first
```