Ambitious Lemonade Chipmunk

high

# Recipient can get more tokens than the amount of proposal bid if milestones are set multiple times by pool manager
## Summary
Recipient can get more tokens than the amount of proposal bid if milestones are set multiple times by pool manager.

## Vulnerability Detail
If RFPSimpleStrategy. is used, tokens are distributed to recipient milestone by milestone, and milestones are set by pool manager. **upcomingMilestone** represents the next milestone, and the initial value is 0 and increases when tokens are distributed to recipient in **_distribute()** function.

So,  **setMilestones()** function can be called multiple times by pool manager if he/she wants to change milestones, just before the first batch of tokens are distributed to recipient. And because **milestones** is not cleaned up before a new milestone is pushed in. This can lead to recipients receiving more tokens than the amount of their proposal bid.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/rfp-simple/RFPSimpleStrategy.sol#L224-L247

Below is a simple example, milestones are set twice:
1st: [milestone0: 30%, milestone1: 70%]
2nd: [milestone0: 50%, milestone1: 50%]
Then, the final result is [milestone0: 30%, milestone1: 70%, milestone2: 50%, milestone3: 50%]. Recipients can receive double the number of tokens.

## Impact
Recipients can receive more tokens than the amount of their proposal bid if they collude with the pool manager.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/rfp-simple/RFPSimpleStrategy.sol#L224-L247

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
There are two methods
1.Add a global bool variable **milestoneIsSet**, and set the value to true the first time **setMilestones()** is called.
2. Clean up **milestones** before a new milestone is pushed in