Young Tiger Snake

medium

# reviewRecipients allows for contradictory outcomes which might make recipient non-eligible for funding
Quadrating voting strategy's reviewal process might make a recipient **wrongfully** non eligible for funding

## Vulnerability Detail
`reviewRecipients` in the quadratic voting contract allows a pool manager to vote for different outcomes simultaneously...
Let's suppose a recipient resubmits their application because it was disapproved by the managers. After some time it gets approved. The recipient is happy and celebrating. Little do they know it takes only one negative review from any pool manager for the application to be invalidated.
Same is true in case of a a recipient is approved and resubmits the application. It'll take only one approval for it to be considered for funding despite all the possible negative reviews.

```solidity
   if (recipientStatus == Status.None || recipientStatus == Status.Appealed) {
                revert RECIPIENT_ERROR(recipientId);
            }

            reviewsByStatus[recipientId][recipientStatus]++;

            if (reviewsByStatus[recipientId][recipientStatus] >= reviewThreshold) {
                Recipient storage recipient = recipients[recipientId];
                recipient.recipientStatus = recipientStatus;

                emit RecipientStatusUpdated(recipientId, recipientStatus, address(0));
            }

            emit Reviewed(recipientId, recipientStatus, msg.sender);
```

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/qv-base/QVBaseStrategy.sol#L254-L288


## Impact
The real risk here for a good applicant not to be considered for funding. 

## Code Snippet

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

- Pool managers should NOT be able to simultaneously vote for different outcomes
- It probably makes sense for votes to be dropped when there's resubmission. At least the negative ones. Because even if an application gets approved it doesn't guarantee funding.