Fierce Pearl Falcon

medium

# Unrestricted Initialize Function
## Summary

The initialize function lacks proper access controls, allowing anyone to call it at any time. This exposes the contract to the risk of being reinitialized and set to an invalid state, affecting key variables and functionalities.

## Vulnerability Detail

The initialize function is missing an initializer modifier or any other form of access control, making it callable by anyone at any point. As a result, key variables like `voteThreshold`, `useRegistryAnchor`, `metadataRequired`, and `poolActive` can be modified unexpectedly.

                function initialize(uint256 _poolId, bytes memory _data) external override {
                        (InitializeParamsCommittee memory initializeParamsCommittee) = abi.decode(_data, (InitializeParamsCommittee));
                        __RPFCommiteeStrategy_init(_poolId, initializeParamsCommittee);
                }

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/rfp-committee/RFPCommitteeStrategy.sol#L74

                function initialize(uint256 _poolId, bytes memory _data) external virtual override {
                        (InitializeParams memory initializeParams) = abi.decode(_data, (InitializeParams));
                        __RFPSimpleStrategy_init(_poolId, initializeParams);
                }

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/rfp-simple/RFPSimpleStrategy.sol#L151

This means that malicious actors can exploit the function to lower the `voteThreshold`, effectively making it easier to become eligible recipients. Similarly, the `useRegistryAnchor` could be set to false, allowing any address to register as a recipient.

## Impact

Lacking proper access controls, the initialize function poses a significant security risk. Key variables can be manipulated, making features like the vote threshold, registry gating, and metadata requirements non-functional. Additionally, this vulnerability allows the `poolActive` status to be manipulated, potentially blocking critical functions such as `RFPSimpleStrategy.withdraw`.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/rfp-committee/RFPCommitteeStrategy.sol#L74
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/rfp-simple/RFPSimpleStrategy.sol#L151

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Add an `onlyAllo` modifier to the initialize function, thereby ensuring that only the Allo contract can invoke it.