Mini Garnet Squirrel

medium

# PoolManager of QVBaseStrategy.sol can Review the Same Applications Multiple Times
The QVBaseStrategy.sol contract allows PoolManagers to review recipient applications. However, there is a vulnerability that allows PoolManagers to review the same applications multiple times, potentially bypassing the(reviewThreshold) intended review process.

## Vulnerability Detail
The `reviewRecipients` function is used to review the applications of recipients. This function takes `address[] calldata _recipientIds, Status[] calldata _recipientStatuses` as input parameters. It increases the `reviewThreshold` state variable by one, indicating that some pool manager has reviewed the application. The intention here is to allow multiple pool managers to review applications.

For example, suppose there are 10 people who called the `_registerRecipient ` function, and there are 4 Pool Managers (A, B, C, D) with a reviewThreshold set to 2.

If pool manager A calls the reviewRecipients function to review all 10 applications, there is no check in place to see if pool manager A has already reviewed these participants or not. This allows pool manager A to review or call this function again and again until all participants have passed the threshold check.

Even if pool managers are trusted, they should not be allowed to do this repeatedly.

If someone's application gets rejected, it also means that they have passed the ` reviewThreshold` . If they choose to appeal by calling the `_registerRecipient` function again, only in this case should pool manager A be allowed to review that application.

## Impact

The impact of this vulnerability is that it could undermine the fairness and integrity of the recipient review process. PoolManagers could repeatedly review the same applications, leading to an unbalanced and potentially biased decision-making process. This could result in some recipients being unfairly accepted or rejected applications.

## Code Snippet

```solidity
function reviewRecipients(address[] calldata _recipientIds, Status[] calldata _recipientStatuses)
    external
    virtual
    onlyPoolManager(msg.sender)
    onlyActiveRegistration
{
    // make sure the arrays are the same length
    uint256 recipientLength = _recipientIds.length;
    if (recipientLength != _recipientStatuses.length) revert INVALID();

    for (uint256 i; i < recipientLength;) {
        Status recipientStatus = _recipientStatuses[i];
        address recipientId = _recipientIds[i];

        // if the status is none or appealed then revert
        if (recipientStatus == Status.None || recipientStatus == Status.Appealed) {
            revert RECIPIENT_ERROR(recipientId);
        }

        reviewsByStatus[recipientId][recipientStatus]++;

        if (reviewsByStatus[recipientId][recipientStatus] >= reviewThreshold) {
            Recipient storage recipient = recipients[recipientId];
            recipient.recipientStatus = recipientStatus;

            emit RecipientStatusUpdated(recipientId, recipientStatus, address(0));
        }

        emit Reviewed(recipientId, recipientStatus, msg.sender);

        unchecked {
            ++i;
        }
    }
}
```
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/6430c8004017e96ae2f5aac365bdefd0b6eeea72/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/qv-base/QVBaseStrategy.sol#L275

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

To mitigate this vulnerability, consider implementing a mechanism to prevent PoolManagers from reviewing the same recipient applications multiple times. This could be achieved by maintaining a record of which PoolManager has already reviewed each application and disallowing multiple reviews by the same PoolManager for the same application.