Ambitious Lemonade Chipmunk

high

# Pool managers can update the recipient's status at their discretion.
Pool managers can update the recipient's status at their discretion by calling **reviewRecipients()** function multiple times.

## Vulnerability Detail
The status of recipient is controlled by pool managers. Pool managers can update recipient's status by calling **reviewRecipients()** function. If the number of reviews by the pool manager reaches the specified threshold **reviewThreshold** , the recipient's status will be updated to the value specified by the pool manager.(line 275-277)

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/qv-base/QVBaseStrategy.sol#L273-L280

Based on my understanding, **reviewThreshold** is a threshold value, and the recipient's status can only be updated if at least 'reviewThreshold' pool managers agree to update it. However, the **reviewThreshold** has no significance; as long as one pool manager can continuously call the **reviewRecipients()** function until the number of reviews reaches the **reviewThreshold**, the recipient's status can be updated.

## Impact
Pool managers can update the recipient's status at their discretion.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/qv-base/QVBaseStrategy.sol#L254-L288

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add a check to ensure that when the recipient's status is updated to a specific status, each pool manager can only review once.