Merry Punch Caterpillar

medium

# In RFPSimpleStrategy, if pool is not overfunded, payouts past the first will not work

RFPSimpleStrategy._distribute reverts if the *total* bid is greater than the *current* amount in the pool.  This means it will revert after partial payouts for intermediate milestones.

## Vulnerability Detail

1. Alice creates a pool using the RFPSimpleStrategy, with two milestone for 50% each
2. Bob submits a winning bid for 10K USDC. 
3. Alice accepts Bob's bid and funds the pool to 10K USDC.  At this point, recipients.proposalBid is 10000e18, and poolAmount is also 10000e18.
4. Bob completes the first milestone and Alice calls _distribute. Bob gets paid 5K USDC. At this point, recipients.proposalBid is 10000e18, and poolAmount is 5000e18.
5. Bob completes the first milestone and Alice calls _distribute. However, the following check fails:

```solidity
        if (recipient.proposalBid > poolAmount) revert NOT_ENOUGH_FUNDS();
```

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/rfp-simple/RFPSimpleStrategy.sol#L432C7-L432C7

6. As a result, Bob cannot get paid for the second milestone. Alice's choices are to overfund the pool for an additional 5K USDC (15k total), or to drain the pool and distribute the funds manually (defeating the point of using the pool in the first place). In either case, Alice permanently loses the fees charged by the protocol. This could also happen if there were 5 milestones of 20% each. Then this problem would occur on every single milestone unless the pool was 80% overfunded.

## Impact

RFPSimpleStrategy pools with multiple milestones do not work.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/rfp-simple/RFPSimpleStrategy.sol#L432C7-L432C7


## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Only compare the amount actually to be paid to poolAmount.

OR

Do not decrement the pool amount.