Ambitious Brick Ladybug

high

# Excessive milestone distribution fails due to insufficient pool funds
The `_distribute` method in RFPSimpleStrategy contract is responsible for distributing funds based on milestones for a given proposal.  An issue arises when the pool amount decreases due to a previous distribution but the subsequent milestone distribution attempts to validate based on the original proposal bid. This causes the distribution to revert even when it should be valid based on the milestone percentage.

## Vulnerability Detail
The `_distribute` function checks whether the `recipient.proposalBid` is greater than the poolAmount and if so, it reverts. While this might appear logic, it does not take into consideration the fact that `poolAmount` decreases after each distribution and each distribution use some predefined percentage amount of funds.

```solidity
        // make sure has enough funds to distribute based on the proposal bid
        if (recipient.proposalBid > poolAmount) revert NOT_ENOUGH_FUNDS();

        // Calculate the amount to be distributed for the milestone
        uint256 amount = (recipient.proposalBid * milestone.amountPercentage) / 1e18;

        // Get the pool, subtract the amount and transfer to the recipient
        poolAmount -= amount;
        _transferAmount(pool.token, recipient.recipientAddress, amount);
```

Let's assume the following scenario:
1. An accepted `proposalBid` is set at 1000, and the `poolAmount` is also 1000.
2. The project has 2 milestones, each of which distributes 50% of the proposal bid.
3. During the first distribution, 50% of the proposal bid, which is 500, is distributed. This leaves the `poolAmount` at 500.
4. For the second milestone distribution, the check will compare the `proposalBid` (which remains at 1000) against the `poolAmount` (which is now 500). As 1000 is greater than 500, the check will fail, causing a revert.

This is incorrect, as there are still funds in the pool to cover the remaining 50% of the proposal bid, but the check is improperly based on the full bid amount instead of the remaining distribution amount.

## Impact
Legitimate milestone distributions will fail if the pool amount is less than the original proposal bid, even if there are enough funds to cover the distribution. 
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/rfp-simple/RFPSimpleStrategy.sol#L227-L247
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/rfp-simple/RFPSimpleStrategy.sol#L417-L450
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Instead of checking the entire `proposalBid` against the `poolAmount` for each distribution, only compare the required distribution amount for the current milestone against the current `poolAmount`.
```solidity
uint256 amountToDistribute = (recipient.proposalBid * milestone.amountPercentage) / 1e18;
if (amountToDistribute > poolAmount) revert NOT_ENOUGH_FUNDS();

```