Future Sangria Giraffe

medium

# Potential occurance of a DOS condition inside the `RFPSimpleStrategy._distribute()` function

There are issues with the distribution mechanism inside `RFPSimpleStrategy`, which may eventually result in the check for enough funds to always revert.

## Vulnerability Detail

Inside `RFPSimpleStrategy._distribute()` a revert is triggered (line 432 RFPSimpleStrategy.sol) if `recipient.proposalBid > poolAmount`.

The issue is that `poolAmount` is decreased by the transferred `amount` each time `RFPSimpleStrategy._distribute()` is called (line 438 RFPSimpleStrategy.sol). But `recipient.proposalBid` is never being decreased. So eventually `recipient.proposalBid` may be bigger than `poolAmount` when distributing the next milestones, and then when `RFPSimpleStrategy._distribute()` gets called there will be a DOS condition, since line 432 in RFPSimpleStrategy.sol always reverts.

Also the comparison on line 432 in RFPSimpleStrategy.sol was meant to make sure that there are enough funds to distribute (see comment line 431 RFPSimpleStrategy.sol). Since the `amount` distributed is the `amount` calculated on line 435 in RFPSimpleStrategy.sol, what was probably intended was to compare the `amount` with the `poolAmount` and revert if the `amount` exceeds the `poolAmount` in order to make sure that there are enough funds available.

## Impact

Due to this issue, a potential DOS condition may occur eventually inside `RFPSimpleStrategy._distribute()` (line 432 RFPSimpleStrategy.sol) when the attempt is made to distribute funds via `Allo.distribute()` which subsequently calls `BaseStrategy.distribute()` (line 384 Allo.sol) and `RFPSimpleStrategy._distribute()` (line 200 BaseStrategy.sol). The DOS condition may very likely occur when subsequent milestones are distributed.

Furthermore, this issue is a significant flaw in the RFPSimpleStrategy.sol since the distribution mechanism may be frequently broken due to the described DOS condition above, which happens each time the `poolAmount` is smaller than the value of `recipient.proposalBid`.

Currently the only way how this DOS condition could be mitigated would be to add more funds to the pool in order to increase the `poolAmount`. Or the pool manager could withdraw the funds via `RFPSimpleStrategy.withdraw()` and then send the withdrawn funds to the recipient, which the pool manager would have to do per milestone though to replicate the original distribution mechanism and which would also mean that the pool manager would have to manually calculate the funds per milestone that they have to distribute to the recipient. It's therefore obvious that these two potential mitigations for this issue are very undesirable and bad.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/rfp-simple/RFPSimpleStrategy.sol#L417-L450

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/core/Allo.sol#L383-L385

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/BaseStrategy.sol#L194-L202

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Consider replacing the existing check for enough funds on line 432 inside RFPSimpleStrategy.sol with a check that reverts if the `amount` that should be distributed isn't covered by the pool funds:

```solidity
// RFPSimpleStrategy._distribute()
435        uint256 amount = (recipient.proposalBid * milestone.amountPercentage) / 1e18;
436        if (amount > poolAmount) revert NOT_ENOUGH_FUNDS();
```