Original Sky Buffalo

medium

# Protocol will not work properly with fee-on-transfer tokens
The protocol is meant to be working with any ERC-20 tokens. Some of them may be a [fee-on-transfer](https://github.com/d-xo/weird-erc20#fee-on-transfer) ones. The protocol always accounts the token transfers per declared amount, which will change during the call due to that fee. This is a common type of issue which may cause discrepancies such as inability to distribute pool funds.

## Vulnerability Detail
When dealing with fee-on-transfer tokens, the protocol should always consider difference between pre- and post- transfer balances instead of using declared amount (e.g. the amount argument passed to the function). 

The issue is common but below is a description on what exact impact it may have on Allo protocol.

The issue happens if funds are moved into the protocol, and the declared amount is booked as received, while, due to the fee, there will be a smaller amount transferred in reality. 

The main function responsible for moving funds inside the contract is `_transferAmount` or `_transferAmountFrom`. It just takes the amount and transfers it. All other functions that rely on it (examples in code part) just account that amount. 

**Example**: Lets assume we fund a pool with1000TOKEN transferred into protocol as the funding amount. The protocol notes that pool has now 1000TOKEN balance. But in fact the fee underway takes 2 TOKEN and the real balance is 998 TOKEN now.
When distributing funds, protocol wants to distribute the pool amount, which it believes is 1000, to recipient. But it fails, because the real amount is 998. The recipient cannot get his funds. (probably some creative way would be possible in some strategies like withdrawing from pool, funding new one, setting new milestones etc. but it would be very troublesome and overall not desired)

**Exemplary impact**: in RFPSimpleStrategy, distribute tries to withdraw milestone percentage * amount. At the last milestone, the balance will not be sufficient due to smaller than accounted amount (as the fees are deducted when funding pool). So the last milestone cannot be paid, as it will result in `NOT_ENOUGH_FUNDS` error. The recipient will not be paid the last part due to the protocol fault.

## Impact
For some of the strategies it will not be possible for a recipient to receive their funds, if pool uses fee-on-transfer tokens.

## Code Snippet
The main function that causes the misaccounting is `_fundPool` which transfers tokens into the protocol and does not calculate the received amount.

- [Allo.sol - _fundPool](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/core/Allo.sol#L517) - this affects all the strategies that relies on withdrawing the incorrectly accounted balance.

like `claim()` in `DonationBotingStrategy` or `distribute` in `RFPSimpleStrategy`.

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
The protocol should always consider difference between pre- and post- transfer balances instead of using a fixed amount. 