Ambitious Brick Ladybug

medium

# Inaccurate pool value increase with use of fee-on-transfer tokens
The system allows any ERC-20 token to be used for funding pools. However, the current implementation does not account for tokens that implement a fee-on-transfer mechanism. Using such tokens can lead to discrepancies in the `poolAmount` due to the automatic fee deductions during transfers.

## Vulnerability Detail
Fee-on-transfer tokens automatically deduct a fee for every transaction. This means that the transferred amount, in actuality, is lesser than what's intended by the sender. The `_fundPool` function in the Allo contract attempts to deduct an internal fee and then sends the amount to the specified strategy. This is followed by the `increasePoolAmount` function, which directly increases the `poolAmount` with the `_amount` specified.

However, if a fee-on-transfer token is used, the `amountAfterFee` value that reaches the strategy will be less than the intended `amountAfterFee` due to the automatic deductions. But, the `increasePoolAmount` method will still consider the full `amountAfterFee` to increase the poolAmount. This leads to the `poolAmount` being inflated more than the actual value transferred.
```solidity
        _strategy.increasePoolAmount(amountAfterFee);
```

## Impact
The `poolAmount` will display more funds than what's actually present in the strategy, leading to incorrect data calculation and excessive reverts.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/core/Allo.sol#L502-L520

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Verify the actual amount received in the strategy before updating the `poolAmount`.