Merry Punch Caterpillar

medium

# All strategies except DonationVotingMerkleDistributionDirectTransferStrategy do not work for fee-on-transfer tokens

The contest notes explicitly say that the protocol should support fee-on-transfer tokens. However, all but one of the strategies, when working with fee-on-transfer tokens, will attempt to transfer more token than is in the contract, causing transfers to revert.

## Vulnerability Detail

Mechanics:

* For both the RFP strategies and the QV strategy, poolBalance will be a number greater than the actual amount of token in the pool. For both, distribute() tries to transfer out a percentage of the pool balance. So if someone has a milestone for 100% in the RFP strategy, they cannot be distributed at all, as it will try to transfer a quantity of tokens equal to poolBalance, which is greater than the actual balance. In the QV strategy, if two people each get 50% of the votes, the first person a distribute() is made to  will get their token, but it will revert for the second person.

* For the DonationVotingMerkle strategies, poolBalance is not consulted for distributing token. However, for the DonationVotingMerkleDistributionVaultStrategy, the pool additionally holds the donated tokens used for voting, tracked in its `claims` array.  It will always try to distribute the exact amount in that array. It will revert for the last person to claim for a fee-on-transfer token. https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/donation-voting-merkle-distribution-vault/DonationVotingMerkleDistributionVaultStrategy.sol#L90

For the RFP strategy, the pool owner can withdraw, but will still forfeit fees.  For the DonationVotingMerkleDistributionVaultStrategy, they cannot withdraw at all *unless* the token in question  is equal to the pool token; however, in that case, there will be a greater balance of token than poolBalance, and they will not be able to withdraw most of it. For the QV strategy, they cannot withdraw at all.

## Impact

Certain tokens that are supposed to be supported are not

## Code Snippet

Transferring exact amount in DonationVotingMerkleDistributionVaultStrategy: https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/donation-voting-merkle-distribution-vault/DonationVotingMerkleDistributionVaultStrategy.sol#L90

Transferring fractions of poolAmount:

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/qv-base/QVBaseStrategy.sol#L571

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/rfp-simple/RFPSimpleStrategy.sol#L439

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Either forbid fee-on-transfer tokens in the docs, or add logic to check how much was actually sent.