Attractive Boysenberry Tardigrade

medium

# Passing `amountAfterFee` in `_fundPool` and balance accounting in approved strategies via `poolAmount` ignores support for non-standard token behavior and results in loss of funds
Since the token for any given strategy can have non-standard behavior, such as a transfer fee, the pool manager contract and the underlying strategies fail to properly account the real funded token amounts. This can result in a variety of issues, since the actual balanceOf the strategy contract may not accurately represent the total amount of funds the contract has access to. This can cause races to redeem funds between strategy participants, and the inability for strategy participants to claim their share of the distribution.

## Vulnerability Detail

Tokens are transferred and the pools funds are increased using the `_transferAmountFrom` function as seen here: 
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/core/Allo.sol#L516-L517
```solidity
        _transferAmountFrom(
            _token,
            TransferData({
                from: msg.sender,
                to: address(_strategy),
                amount: amountAfterFee
            })
        );
        _strategy.increasePoolAmount(amountAfterFee);
```

Since the protocol intends to support fee-on-transfer tokens and other tokens with irregular behavior, this pattern is not sufficient for properly accounting the balance of the strategy contract. For example, if the token being funded has a 3% transfer fee, the `amountAfterFee` will be larger than the actual balance of the contract.

For example, [in the BaseStrategy contract](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/BaseStrategy.sol#L155), `increasePoolAmount` takes the passed `_amount` variable to be the correct amount of tokens the strategy has access to,`poolAmount += _amount;`

Given it is possible for `poolAmount` to be less than the` balanceOf(strategy)`,  any accounting of owed funds that reference `poolAmount` as a source of truth will incorrectly compute the funds available to the contract. This occurs in the `QVBaseStrategy` contract when calculating the payout owed to each recipient using the method `_getPayout`:

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/qv-base/QVBaseStrategy.sol#L571
```solidity
amount = poolAmount * recipient.totalVotesReceived / totalRecipientVotes;
```

Since the recipient's `payout.amount` has been calculated as a fraction of the `poolAmount` variable,
which may be the incorrect balance of the strategy, it is possible for the sum of all recipient payouts to exceed the `balanceOf(strategy)`. 

This issue becomes apparent in when paying out fund recipients via the `QVBaseStrategy._distribute`.
```solidity
PayoutSummary memory payout = _getPayout(recipientId, "");
...
_transferAmount(pool.token, recipient.recipientAddress, amount);
```
In every single case in which the `strategy's` actual token balance is less than the amount passed initially in the `_fundPool` method, it will be impossible to pay out all `recipients`.

## Impact

- Inability for all recipients to receive their correct allocation when the funded token's balance may not accurately reflect the amount originally transferred
- Failure to satisfy the assumption that strategy.increasePoolAmount() accurately reflects the new amount of funds available to the strategy. 

## Code Snippet
Call to increasePoolAmount that can misrepresent available funds: 
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/core/Allo.sol#L517

Setting potentially misrepresented fund amount:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/BaseStrategy.sol#L155

Invalid calculation of tokens available to pool in `QVBaseStrategy` that assumes poolAmount is the correct contract token balance:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/qv-base/QVBaseStrategy.sol#L571

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Given the scope of the audit declares that Allo V2 is meant to natively support all types of tokens, I think the overall accounting of tokens via the `Strategy.increasePoolAmount` method is a flawed design. Since strategies are meant to be programmable and can be added by anyone, it is misleading to think the state variable `poolAmount` is a viable and accurate representation of the Strategy's available funds. This is misleading to both Strategy Developers and Strategy Cloners, given they are under the impression that the accounting is done correctly.

Considering this, the `poolAmount` state variable should be removed from the BaseStrategy entirely to fit the parameters of the protocol. In any case where the Strategy token's total token balance may not directly proportional to the available funds, this value will be incorrect.  Instead, accounting can be done solely based on the balanceOf the Strategy contract and the proportion `recipient.totalVotesReceived / totalRecipientVotes`. Since the Strategy contract's balance will be decremented for each recipient that is paid out, strategy payouts must properly account for this in one of two ways.

1) Decreasing `totalRecipientVotes` by `recipient.totalVotesReceived` each time a `recipient` is paid out

2) Keeping track of a `totalRecipientVotesPaid` variable that can calculate the above value without needing to modify `totalRecipientVotes`

Furthermore, the `amount` parameter can be removed from the `baseStrategy.increasePoolAmount` method, since funds are no longer accounted via the `poolAmount` variable. 

These changes have the following effects:

1) Removing the misleading tracking of pool funds throughout the protocol, brought on by `_fundPool` passing a potentially misleading token balance to `increasePoolAmount`

2) Resolve all accounting issues related to operating strategies that contain tokens with unique behavior.

3) Prevent funds from getting stuck in Strategy contracts that contain rebasing or fee on transfer tokens.

I believe this is the most optimal approach to removing uncertainty in token behavior and enabling the protocol to properly support all standard and non-standard token behavior.