Future Sangria Giraffe

medium

# `DonationVotingMerkleDistributionVaultStrategy::_afterAllocate` is not capable of dealing with fee-on-transfer tokens

If `DonationVotingMerkleDistributionVaultStrategy::_afterAllocate` is used with fee-on-transfer tokens,
some recipients might not be able to get their claims out and some claims may be locked.


## Vulnerability Detail

If some fee-on-transfer tokens are used to call `Allo::allocate` on the `DonationVotingMerkleDistributionVaultStrategy`,
it will update the claim for the recipient based on the given amount parameter amount.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/donation-voting-merkle-distribution-vault/DonationVotingMerkleDistributionVaultStrategy.sol#L114-L137

The `PERMIT2.permitTransferFrom` will use `transferFrom` on the `p2Data.permit.permitted.token` and asks to transfer the `amount` from the `_sender` to the `address(this)`.
Then the `amount` will be added to the `claims` mappings for the recipient to `claim` later.

If the `p2Data.permit.permitted.token` should be a fee-on-transfer token, however, the requested `amount` may be less than the amount the strategy contract actually receives.
In that case, the actualy token balance of the strategy may be less than the sum of the claims for that token.
As the result, some recipients who claims later may be unable to claim any amount.

For example, if 100 STA token was allocated to Alice, then the actual STA balance of the DonationVotingMerkleDistributionVaultStrategy would be 99 STA.
Then, Alice attempts to claim, but she will fail, since the `claim` function will try to tranfer out 100 STA.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/donation-voting-merkle-distribution-vault/DonationVotingMerkleDistributionVaultStrategy.sol#L90

Also, some tokens may transfer less amount than the specified amount [such as `cUSDCv3`](https://github.com/d-xo/weird-erc20#transfer-of-less-than-amount).

## Impact

When fee-on-transfer tokens or some tokens which transfer less than the `amount` are used with `DonationVotingMerkleDistributionVaultStrategy::allocate` ,
some recipients might not be able to get their claims out and some claims may be locked.


## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/donation-voting-merkle-distribution-vault/DonationVotingMerkleDistributionVaultStrategy.sol#L114-L137

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/donation-voting-merkle-distribution-vault/DonationVotingMerkleDistributionVaultStrategy.sol#L90

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

check the balance change before and after the `PERMIT2.permitTransferFrom` call to increase the claims in the `_afterAllocate` function.