Future Sangria Giraffe

medium

# Issues with accounting logic and distribution when using "Fee on Transfer" tokens with `QVSimpleStrategy`
## Summary

There is an issue with "Fee on Transfer" tokens when funding a pool, since the accounting logic is accounting the full amount of tokens. This may lead to the distribution of tokens not working because of the wrong accounting that doesn't match with the funds in the pool.

## Vulnerability Detail

When a pool gets funded with a "Fee on Transfer" token where `Allo._fundPool()` is being called (for example from `Allo.fundPool()` line 344 in Allo.sol), the amount (`amountAfterFee`) of tokens are transferred from the `msg.sender` to the `strategy` on line 516 in Allo.sol. However when transferring a certain `amount` of "Fee on Transfer" tokens, the receiver will not receive the full `amount` of tokens but instead the receiver receives less since the actual amount received is reduced by the fee from the "Fee on Transfer" token. So the strategy will receive less than `amountAfterFee` tokens.

Then on line 517 in Allo.sol `BaseStrategy.increasePoolAmount()` gets called with `amountAfterFee` for the `_amount` function param, where the `_amount` is added to the `poolAmount` (line 155 BaseStrategy.sol). Thus `poolAmount` will be higher than the actual amount of funds in the pool.

Reference: https://github.com/d-xo/weird-erc20#fee-on-transfer

## Impact

Due to this issue, the distribution of tokens from the `QVSimpleStrategy` may not work and revert.

Example:

100 "Fee on Transfer" tokens are funded to the `QVSimpleStrategy` pool, resulting in that the `QVSimpleStrategy` will be holding 90 tokens in the end (10% fee reduced from the "Fee on Transfer" token). However the distribution is based on the amount of 100 that was stored in the `poolAmount` storage variable of the `QVSimpleStrategy`. `Alice` should get 50% so they would receive 50 tokens (instead of 45). `Bob` who should also get 50% would also receive 50 tokens (instead of 45), but the strategy is missing the funds so Bob won't receive anything due to missing funds and due to the fact that the distribution then reverts for `Bob` (line 456 QVBaseStrategy.sol).

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/core/Allo.sol#L502-L520

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/qv-base/QVBaseStrategy.sol#L436-L465

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/qv-base/QVBaseStrategy.sol#L559-L574

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Consider when funding a pool in `Allo.fundpool()` to check the balance before and after transfer of tokens and handle the accounting logic accordingly to match the received funds.
