Dandy Lavender Wombat

high

# `QVSimpleStrategy`  does not work when token is a `fee on transfer token`
## Summary

If the token used for a pool is a fee on transfer token, the value of the variable `poolAmount` will be higher than the actual amount of tokens held by the pool. This will result in distribution problems of the pool if 100% of the pool amount is supposed to be given to recipients.


## Vulnerability Detail

The amount of tokens available for the pool for distribution is tracked in the variable `poolAmount`. The variable is updated when the pool is funded and is increased by the amount the funder sends to the pool. The problem arises when the token is a fee on demand token. Such tokens take a fee each time tokens are moved from one account to another. This means that the amount send to the pool is not the amount the pool finally receives but the amount sent - fee. For example if the fee taken on transfer is 2% and one sends 100 tokens the variable `poolAmount` will be 100 but the tokens held by the pool will be 100-2=98. This will result in problems since 100% of `poolAmount` needs to be distributed to recipients in the `QVSimpleStrategy`. In this strategy, recipients get a share of the `poolAmount` based on the number of votes the got compared to all votes given.

 ` amount = poolAmount * recipient.totalVotesReceived / totalRecipientVotes; `

 This means that not all recipients will be able to get their share of the `poolAmount` since the sum of the amounts allocated to all recipients will be bigger than the number of tokens held by the pool.

Example:

Alice funds a `QVSimpleStrategy` with a fee on demand token. She funds the pool with 100 tokens, the fee for the token is 2%. Only 98 tokens find their way to the pool but the variable `poolAmount` is set to 100. The strategy has 2 recipients, each recipients gets 10 votes leading to the allocation of 50% of `poolAmount` to each recipient. Since each recipient should get 50 tokens but the pool only holds 98 tokens, one of the recipients will not be able to get his share.


## Impact

At least one recipient will not be able to get his share resulting in additional cost for the pool owner if he wants to honer all distributions. E.g. if the token has a 2% transaction fee and the `poolAmound` is 10.000 tokens the owner will need to come up with additional 200 tokens. 

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/6430c8004017e96ae2f5aac365bdefd0b6eeea72/allo-v2/contracts/core/Allo.sol#L517

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/6430c8004017e96ae2f5aac365bdefd0b6eeea72/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/BaseStrategy.sol#L153-L157

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/6430c8004017e96ae2f5aac365bdefd0b6eeea72/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/qv-base/QVBaseStrategy.sol#L571



## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

When funding a pool, check the amount of tokens held by the pool after the funding and set this amount as the poolAmount. 
