Proper Fossilized Sardine

high

# Fee-on-transfer tokens will cause incorrect accounting on strategy contracts
## Summary

The protocol has stated that it expects to interact with all ERC20 tokens. However, in `Allo::_fundPool()` the contract is incorrectly increasing the strategy's `poolAmount` for tokens that implement fee-on-transfer mechanisms.

## Vulnerability Detail

See below for the `_fundPool()` function in `Allo.sol`:

```Solidity
function _fundPool(uint256 _amount, uint256 _poolId, IStrategy _strategy) internal {
        uint256 feeAmount;
        uint256 amountAfterFee = _amount;

        Pool storage pool = pools[_poolId];
        address _token = pool.token;

        if (percentFee > 0) {
            feeAmount = (_amount * percentFee) / getFeeDenominator();
            amountAfterFee -= feeAmount;

            _transferAmountFrom(_token, TransferData({from: msg.sender, to: treasury, amount: feeAmount}));
        }

        _transferAmountFrom(_token, TransferData({from: msg.sender, to: address(_strategy), amount: amountAfterFee}));
        // @audit - increase pool amount with amountAfterFee which is incorrect for Fee on Transfer tokens
        _strategy.increasePoolAmount(amountAfterFee);

        emit PoolFunded(_poolId, amountAfterFee, feeAmount);
}
```
The amount the strategy will actually receive for fee-on-transfer tokens will actually be less than `amountAfterFee`. This will cause the value of `poolAmount` in the strategy contract to be incorrect. The result will be that `poolAmount` will be higher than the actual amount the strategy holds.

## Impact

This will cause recipients in different pools (or strategies) to not get their payout amount. 

This issue has been labeled as High. The likelihood of a fee-on-transfer token being used can be considered to be high or medium given it's decided by the user, and the impact is high since some recipients would not receive their share of the payout.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/core/Allo.sol#L502-L520

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Check the balance of `_strategy` before and after the transfer, and use the difference between the two as the actual transferred value.
