Huge Coal Copperhead

high

# Incompatibility with Fee-on-Transfer tokens could cause Strategy to run out of funds and fail to fulfill eligible claims

The contest page specifically says that the Allo protocol "support all ERC20 tokens". However, the accounting treatment of the funded token amount is not compatible with fee-on-transfer and rebasing tokens. In the case of fee-on-transfer tokens, the amount being recorded could be higher than the actual amount the Strategy contract holds due to the fee being charged during the transfer. The implication is that some eligible claimants would be unable to receive their eligible token amount, as the Strategy contract could run out of token to distribute. 

## Vulnerability Detail

In line 516-517 of the `Allo` contract, `amountAfterFee` is transferred from the `msg.sender` to the `_strategy` contract, and the same `amountAfterFee` is being recorded in the `_strategy` contract as the amount of token it holds. If the `_token` charges a fee on transfer, then the actual amount of token the `_strategy` contract holds would be less than `amountAfterFee`, causing a discrepancy between the recorded amount and actual amount. 

```
        _transferAmountFrom(_token, TransferData({from: msg.sender, to: address(_strategy), amount: amountAfterFee}));
        _strategy.increasePoolAmount(amountAfterFee);
```


## Impact

The above shows that the contract is actually not compatible with fee-on-transfer tokens, despite its intended design to support all ERC20 tokens. The impact is that the `_strategy` contract could run out of tokens to distribute prematurely, and some eligible parties would be unable to claim the token they are eligible for. 

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/core/Allo.sol#L516-L517

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

If fee-on-transfer token needs to be supported, then the `amountAfterFee` in line 517 needs to be the incremental `_token` balance at the `_strategy` contract before and after the token transfer in line 516. 