Fierce Pearl Falcon

medium

# Lack of Support for Fee-on-Transfer Tokens

Fee-on-transfer tokens will result in incorrect calculations when interacting with the contract.

## Vulnerability Detail

The protocol claims to support all types of ERC20 tokens, including those that implement a fee-on-transfer mechanism.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/README.md#L26-L28
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/README.md#L90-L91

However, the existing functions are not equipped to handle these fee-on-transfer tokens correctly. This issue can disrupt operations tied to token transfers, particularly when the received amount is less than the amount sent due to applied fees. For instance, when users attempt to fund a pool, the contract records the incoming amount without accounting for the deducted fees.

        function _fundPool(uint256 _amount, uint256 _poolId, IStrategy _strategy) internal {
            uint256 feeAmount;
            uint256 amountAfterFee = _amount;

            Pool storage pool = pools[_poolId];
            address _token = pool.token;

            if (percentFee > 0) {
                feeAmount = (_amount * percentFee) / getFeeDenominator();
                amountAfterFee -= feeAmount;

                _transferAmountFrom(_token, TransferData({from: msg.sender, to: treasury, amount: feeAmount}));
            }

            _transferAmountFrom(_token, TransferData({from: msg.sender, to: address(_strategy), amount: amountAfterFee}));
            _strategy.increasePoolAmount(amountAfterFee);

            emit PoolFunded(_poolId, amountAfterFee, feeAmount);
        }

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/core/Allo.sol#L502-L520

This leads to inaccurate calculations for both the pool's total amount and the Allo protocol fees. Moreover, it adversely impacts subsequent distributions, which rely on the flawed pool amount for calculations.

        amount = poolAmount * recipient.totalVotesReceived / totalRecipientVotes;

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/qv-base/QVBaseStrategy.sol#L571

Please see here for list of fee-on-transfer tokens: https://github.com/d-xo/weird-erc20#fee-on-transfer

## Impact

This issue can cause discrepancies in the amount received and distributed to users, leading to inaccurate token operations.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/core/Allo.sol#L502-L520
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/qv-base/QVBaseStrategy.sol#L571

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Calculate the actual received amount by measuring the balance difference before and after the transfer. 