Deep Sapphire Elephant

medium

# FEE-ON-TRANSFER tokens are not accounted for in the fundPool function.
FEE-ON-TRANSFER tokens are not accounted for in the fundPool function.

## Vulnerability Detail
There are several ERC20 tokens that take a small fee on transfers/transferFroms (known as "fee-on-transfer" tokens). Most notably, USDT is an ERC20 token that has togglable transfer fees, but for now the fee is set to 0 (see the contract here: https://etherscan.io/address/0xdAC17F958D2ee523a2206206994597C13D831ec7#code). For these tokens, it should not be assumed that if you transfer x tokens to an address, that the address actually receives x tokens. All pools can be funded with any ERC-20 tokens, and there can be accounting issues with how many tokens actually reside within the contract vs how many tokens were sent to the contract.

``` solidity
 function _fundPool(uint256 _amount, uint256 _poolId, IStrategy _strategy) internal {
        uint256 feeAmount;
        uint256 amountAfterFee = _amount;

        Pool storage pool = pools[_poolId];
        address _token = pool.token;

        if (percentFee > 0) {
            feeAmount = (_amount * percentFee) / getFeeDenominator();
            amountAfterFee -= feeAmount;

            _transferAmountFrom(_token, TransferData({from: msg.sender, to: treasury, amount: feeAmount}));
        }

        _transferAmountFrom(_token, TransferData({from: msg.sender, to: address(_strategy), amount: amountAfterFee}));
        _strategy.increasePoolAmount(amountAfterFee);

        emit PoolFunded(_poolId, amountAfterFee, feeAmount);
    }
```
In the code snippet, `amount` is being transferred to treasury, and `strategy.increasePoolAmount` is being called afterwards, but doesn't pass the token amount in the contract. 

## Impact
Funds are not properly accounted for, when the funds are eventually distributed in the QVBaseStrategy contract, the poolAmount will exceed the contract.tokenBalance(), so some distributions may fail.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/core/Allo.sol#L517

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
The increasePoolAmount function should check the amount of tokens in the contract rather than the amount of tokens 'sent' to the contract before adding the balance to its total.