Dandy Lavender Wombat

high

# If more than one token is allowed in `DonationVotingMerkleDistributionVaultStrategy`, there is no way to withdraw all tokens
## Summary

The `withdraw` function in `DonationVotingMerkleDistributionVaultStrategy` can only withdraw one particular token but since for this strategy multiple tokens can be sent to the strategy, all other tokens will be lost if they are not claimed by the recipients.  


## Vulnerability Detail
When donating funds to recipients in the `DonationVotingMerkleDistributionVaultStrategy`, the user can donate multiple different tokens. The list of the allowed tokens is represented in the mapping `allowedTokens`. When a user donates some tokens, they are send to the strategy where they can later be claimed. Sometimes not all tokens are claimed, e.g. because the transfer to the address does not work because the address is blacklisted for interactions with the token or the recipient does not claim them at all. In such a case, the remaining tokens can be rescued by the pool manager by calling the `withdraw` function. The problem here is that the withdraw function references the pool token saved in the pool data in the allo contract. In this data only one token can be saved. This means that if a second, different token is allowed for donations and remains in the strategy it cannot be withdrawn and will be stuck in the contract for ever. 

## Impact

Tokens that are not set as the token for the pool in the allo contract and are still in the strategy after 30 days will be stuck in the strategy for ever since they can not be withdrawn by the pool manager.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/6430c8004017e96ae2f5aac365bdefd0b6eeea72/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/donation-voting-merkle-base/DonationVotingMerkleDistributionBaseStrategy.sol#L394-L409

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Change the withdraw function so it supports the withdraw of all tokens that are allowed as donations for the `DonationVotingMerkleDistributionVaultStrategy`. For this, the function should take an additional address argument as a parameter. The address should be the address of the token that is supposed to be withdrawn. It should be checked if the token is allowed and if the balance of the address is <= the amount that is supposed to be withdrawn.
