Sneaky Amethyst Robin

medium

# Tokens can get locked in QVSimpleStrategy if recipient updates registration after being voted for

If a recipient updates their registration after already receiving an allocation and that re-registration isn't reviewed before the end of the registration period, that recipients share of the distribution will be permanently locked in the contract.

## Vulnerability Detail

It's possible that a recipient updates their registration to change e.g. metadata or recipient address after having already been accepted and voted for. This is possible because timestamp validation logic used to set registration and allocation periods doesn't enforce that there is no overlap between periods, i.e. the registration end time can be > allocation start time. 

If an accepted recipient is allocated to and decides to update their registration, e.g. to fix an incorrect recipient address, they are permitted to do so, but their registration will now be in a pending state until reviewed. Until the recipients updated registration is accepted, they cannot be distributed to. The big problem here lies in the fact that registration and review of recipients are both enforced to be within the registration period and as a result, if a recipient happens to update their registration near the end of the period, it may not be realistic for it to be reviewed before the end of the period. In that case, that recipient can never be accepted, their share of the distribution can never be distributed, and since there is no withdrawal logic those tokens would be permanently locked in the contract.

## Impact

Tokens can be permanently locked in the contract.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/allo-protocol/allo-v2/blob/851571c27df5c16f6586ece2a1cb6fd0acf04ec9/contracts/strategies/qv-base/QVBaseStrategy.sol#L258
```solidity
function reviewRecipients(address[] calldata _recipientIds, Status[] calldata _recipientStatuses)
    external
    virtual
    onlyPoolManager(msg.sender)
    // @audit should be able to review after registration period
    onlyActiveRegistration
{
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

It should be enforced that:
- Allocation period is strictly after registration period, or
- Reviews can continue to be processed after the registration period