Rapid Lead Cricket

medium

# Removed Allocator still have counting votes
## Summary
In the quadratic voting strategy, allocator have to be validated allocators , once they are they can submit votes.
However if they are removed as valid allocator we can suppose it is because they acted in a malicious way, if this happen they are prevent to votes for futures distribution but there votes are still counting which is, I think a problem.

## Vulnerability Detail

In the quadratic voting strategy, allocator have to be validated by pool managers using `addAllocator()` function, once they are they can call `allocate()` with correct parameters to allocate their votes to choose the percentage amount each recipients will receive of the pool amount. 
If an allocator acts in a bad way pool managers can still remove her/his approval by using 
```solidity
function removeAllocator(address _allocator) external onlyPoolManager(msg.sender) {
    allowedAllocators[_allocator] = false;
    emit AllocatorRemoved(_allocator, msg.sender);
}
```
However, as you can see in the above code, when an allocator is removed ,their voting privileges are revoked but the votes they have previously cast still impact the system.

To mitigate this, it would be beneficial to implement a mechanism that also removes the votes cast by the removed allocator.

## Impact
In this quasi centralized system (poolManager choose who votes and choose which recipient is accepted and which is not) , If a validated allocator act badly there is no way to remove it's votes from the voting system and this could influences in a bad way amount of tokens received by accepted recipients.
Having a way to eliminate votes of a removed allocator would safeguard the protocol.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/allo-protocol/allo-v2/blob/main/contracts/strategies/qv-simple/QVSimpleStrategy.sol#L97C1-L102C1

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Implement a mechanism to remove bad allocator when removing their approval, you could even improve it by integrating a boolean that choose to remove their votes or not if an allocator has to be removed for other reason than because he/she acted badly.
```solidity
function removeAllocator(address _allocator) external onlyPoolManager(msg.sender) {
    allowedAllocators[_allocator] = false;
    // Loop through all recipients and reduce their totalVotesReceived by the amount the removed allocator voted for them
    for (address recipientId : recipientAddresses) {
        uint256 votesCastToRecipient = allocators[_allocator].votesCastToRecipient[recipientId];
        recipients[recipientId].totalVotesReceived -= votesCastToRecipient;
        
        // Reset the votes cast to this recipient by the allocator
        allocators[_allocator].votesCastToRecipient[recipientId] = 0;
        totalRecipientVotes -= votesCastToRecipient;
    }

    emit AllocatorRemoved(_allocator, msg.sender);
}
```