Uneven Holographic Llama

medium

# Incorrect Access Control in submitUpcomingMilestone Function
## Summary
The submitUpcomingMilestone function in the RFPSimpleStrategy smart contract contains an access control flaw that diverges from its specified documentation. Instead of exclusively allowing the acceptedRecipientId who is also a member of the Profile to call the function, it grants any member of the Profile the right to invoke it.

## Vulnerability Detail
The function's access control logic checks if:

* msg.sender is not the acceptedRecipientId.
* msg.sender is not a member of the Profile.

The transaction is **reverted only if both conditions are true** due to the "&&" sign. This implies that if either of the conditions is false (meaning msg.sender is either the acceptedRecipientId or a member of the Profile), the function call will be successful.

This divergent behavior from the documentation might allow unauthorized users (all members of the Profile other than the acceptedRecipientId that is a member of the profile) to submit milestones. Even though it's not expected for profile members to act maliciously, this check is not sufficient to enforce the developer team's access control intention.

## Impact
This flaw can lead to undesired state changes in the contract. While members of the Profile are presumably trusted entities, the failure to adhere to the specified access control can open up the contract to unintended actions. If a member of the Profile acts contrary to the expected behavior, they could manipulate milestones. This is important to teams that constantly onboard new members or who end up diverging interests at some point.
 Teams may end up adding new profile members with too much access to operations vital to receiving allocations.

## Code Snippet
[submitUpcomingMilestone](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/6430c8004017e96ae2f5aac365bdefd0b6eeea72/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/rfp-simple/RFPSimpleStrategy.sol#L253-L271)
```solidity
function submitUpcomingMilestone(Metadata calldata _metadata) external {
    if (acceptedRecipientId != msg.sender && !_isProfileMember(acceptedRecipientId, msg.sender)) {
        revert UNAUTHORIZED();
    }
  ...
}
```

The documentation states:

'msg.sender' must be the 'acceptedRecipientId' and must be a member of a 'Profile' to submit a milestone.

But the code allows for:

msg.sender is the acceptedRecipientId OR
msg.sender is a member of the Profile.

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
To rectify this vulnerability, the access control logic should be revised to match the developer's intent and documentation. Specifically, the function should be callable only by the acceptedRecipientId who is also a member of the Profile. The logic can be modified as follows:

```solidity
if (acceptedRecipientId != msg.sender || !_isProfileMember(acceptedRecipientId, msg.sender)) {
    revert UNAUTHORIZED();
}

```
This change ensures that the function can only be accessed by the acceptedRecipientId if they are concurrently a member of the Profile, thereby adhering to the provided documentation and intended behavior.