Future Sangria Giraffe

high

# An allocator's `voiceCreditsCastToRecipient` may get calculated in a wrong way inside `QVBaseStrategy._qv_allocate()`

There is an issue inside the function `QVBaseStrategy._qv_allocate()` which causes the value of `_allocator.voiceCreditsCastToRecipient[_recipientId]` to be calculated in a wrong way. Due to this issue funds can be lost, because a recipient's `totalVotesReceived` may end up being calculated too high.

## Vulnerability Detail

Inside the `QVBaseStrategy._qv_allocate()` function `totalCredits` is added to `_allocator.voiceCreditsCastToRecipient[_recipientId]` (line 529 QVBaseStrategy.sol). This is an issue because only the new voice credits `_voiceCreditsToAllocate` should be added to `_allocator.voiceCreditsCastToRecipient[_recipientId]`.

Example:

1. `_allocator.voiceCreditsCastToRecipient[_recipientId]` has a value of 10.
1. `QVBaseStrategy._qv_allocate()` gets called with `_voiceCreditsToAllocate` with a value of 5.
1. The calculation on line 529 now calculates the new value for `_allocator.voiceCreditsCastToRecipient[_recipientId]` to be 25, but the correct value would be 15.

As a result, the value of `_allocator.voiceCreditsCastToRecipient[_recipientId]` may end up being higher than it should be after `QVBaseStrategy._qv_allocate()` gets called multiple times by the same allocator for the same recipient. Note: In a unit test where the value of `_allocator.voiceCreditsCastToRecipient[_recipientId]` is initially 0, the issue doesn't occur immediately. Only after `QVBaseStrategy._qv_allocate()` is called a second time with the same allocator and the same recipient the issue arises.

As a result of this issue, if `QVBaseStrategy._qv_allocate()` gets called multiple times by the same allocator for the same recipient, the recipient will end up receiving more votes than they should receive, because `voteResult` is added to `_recipient.totalVotesReceived` (line 527 QVBaseStrategy.sol), and `voteResult` is higher than it should be since it is calculated to be the square root of the sum of `_allocator.voiceCreditsCastToRecipient[_recipientId]` and `_voiceCreditsToAllocate` (line 517-522 QVBaseStrategy.sol), where `_allocator.voiceCreditsCastToRecipient[_recipientId]` may be higher than it should be due to the issue described above.

## Impact

Loss of funds:

When the payout for the recipient is calculated via `QVBaseStrategy._getPayout()`, the payout `amount` will get calculated higher than it should be since it is based on `recipient.totalVotesReceived` (line 571 QVBaseStrategy.sol), and `recipient.totalVotesReceived` may have a higher value than it should have due to the issue described above in the "Vulnerability Detail" section. As a result, there will be more tokens transferred to the recipient than they should receive, since the `payout.amount` may have been calculated too high (line 448-456 QVBaseStrategy.sol).

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/qv-base/QVBaseStrategy.sol#L506-L534

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/qv-base/QVBaseStrategy.sol#L559-L575

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/qv-base/QVBaseStrategy.sol#L436-L465

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Consider adjusting `QVBaseStrategy._qv_allocate()` so that `totalCredits` gets assigned to instead of being added to `_allocator.voiceCreditsCastToRecipient[_recipientId]`:

```solidity
// QVBaseStrategy._qv_allocate()
529        _allocator.voiceCreditsCastToRecipient[_recipientId] = totalCredits;
```