Massive Misty Cormorant

medium

# [MEDIUM]Allo#_fundPool - User can avoid the `feeAmount` by funding the pool with smaller `_amount`
## Summary

The **`_fundPool`** function in the Allo smart contract allows for a fee avoidance mechanism when a user funds the pool with small amounts of the pool token. This creates a loophole that undermines the intended fee structure.

## Vulnerability Detail

The **`_fundPool`** function is designed to collect a fee amount, calculated as a percentage of the user's contribution to the pool. However, the function does not account for the scenario where users pay in small amounts, potentially avoiding the fee altogether.

Consider this scenario: 

- The `percentFee` is set to `1e15` (e.g.  0.1%). Considering that the `feeDenominator` is `1e18` the `_amount` can be set to a uint up to `1e3 -1` in order for the `feeAmount` to round down to 0, and the user has avoided paying any fees at all.
- See the following calculation:

```solidity
feeAmount = (1e3 - 1) * 1e15 / 1e18 = 0
```

## Impact

The financial impact of this loophole could be significant, especially if many users exploit it. The treasury, intended to collect fees from each transaction, may collect less than expected, undermining the financial model of the Allo ecosystem.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/core/Allo.sol#L509-L517

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

To mitigate this vulnerability, consider implementing the following:

1. Introduce a minimum threshold for contributions that are subject to fees. Any contribution below this threshold could either be rejected or subjected to a flat minimum fee.
2. Consider adding a safeguard within the smart contract to ensure that the fee cannot be zero, unless explicitly intended.