Polished Linen Butterfly

medium

# Add default constructor that calls _disableInitializers()
## Summary

The protocol uses upgradable contracts. Calling the `initialize()` function directly on the implementation contract behind a proxy is dangerous. In such case, if the implementation calls self-destruct or performs delegate calls it’s possible to delete the implementation leaving the contract bricked. 

Contracts should include a default constructor calling `_disableInitializers()` function: (https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts-upgradeable/blob/master/contracts/proxy/utils/Initializable.sol#L181) of `Initializable.sol`.

## Vulnerability Detail

Upgradable contracts are an essential protocol feature, allowing for flexible updates and maintenance. However, when implementing upgradable contracts, ensuring that the `initialize()` function is not accidentally called directly on the implementation contract behind the proxy is crucial. If this occurs and the implementation contract contains self-destruct or delegate calls, it can result in the unintended deletion of the implementation contract.

## Impact

Medium, as the probability of an issue is low.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/core/Allo.sol

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/core/Registry.sol

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Include a default constructor in the contract that calls the `_disableInitializers()` function from `Initializable.sol`. This ensures that initializers cannot be accidentally invoked on the implementation contract.
