Restless Navy Iguana

medium

# arbitrary send erc20 in Transfer.sol
arbitrary send erc20 in Transfer.sol
## Vulnerability Detail
The vulnerability titled "arbitrary send erc20" is found in the function _transferAmountFrom of the contract. This function allows for the transfer of tokens from one address to another. However, the function does not check if the _transferData.from address has approved the contract to transfer tokens on its behalf. This means that an attacker can call this function to transfer any amount of ERC20 tokens from any address to any other address, as long as the balance of the _transferData.from address is greater or equal to the _transferData.amount
## Impact
Can lead to unauthorized transfers and potential loss of funds.
## Code Snippet
function _transferAmountFrom(address _token, TransferData memory _transferData) internal returns (bool) {
    uint256 amount = _transferData.amount;
    if (_token == NATIVE) {
        // Native Token
        if (msg.value < amount) revert AMOUNT_MISMATCH();

        SafeTransferLib.safeTransferETH(_transferData.to, amount);
    } else {
        SafeTransferLib.safeTransferFrom(_token, _transferData.from, _transferData.to, amount);
    }
    return true;
}
## Tool used
VsCode
Manual Review
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/core/libraries/Transfer.sol#L70-L81
## Recommendation
To resolve this issue, you should add a require statement to check if the contract has been approved to transfer tokens on behalf of the `_transferData.from` address. You can use the `allowance` function of the ERC20 token to check this. Here is how you can modify the `_transferAmountFrom` function:

```solidity
function _transferAmountFrom(address _token, TransferData memory _transferData) internal returns (bool) {
    uint256 amount = _transferData.amount;
    if (_token == NATIVE) {
        // Native Token
        if (msg.value < amount) revert AMOUNT_MISMATCH();

        SafeTransferLib.safeTransferETH(_transferData.to, amount);
    } else {
        // Check if the contract is allowed to transfer tokens on behalf of _transferData.from
        IERC20 token = IERC20(_token);
        uint256 allowance = token.allowance(_transferData.from, address(this));
        require(allowance >= amount, "Transfer amount exceeds allowance");

        SafeTransferLib.safeTransferFrom(_token, _transferData.from, _transferData.to, amount);
    }
    return true;
}
```

This modification ensures that the contract checks if it has been approved to transfer the specified amount of tokens on behalf of the `_transferData.from` address. If the contract is not approved, the transaction will fail with the message "Transfer amount exceeds allowance". This prevents unauthorized transfers of tokens.