Interesting Shamrock Lemur

medium

# Denial of Service (DoS) Attack Due to Potential Arithmetic Overflow

The `_fundPool ` function in `Allo.sol` contract contains a vulnerability that can potentially lead to a denial of service (DoS) attack. This vulnerability arises from the lack of consideration for arithmetic overflow when calculating the `feeAmount` using `_amount * percentFee` before division, where `percentFee` is a fixed value representing a percentage fee. If the token used in the calculation has a large number of decimals, an arithmetic overflow can occur, causing the transaction to revert. Because percentFee is a huge number, this is possible to add a new token that does not fit with this smart contract.

## Vulnerability Detail

In the `_fundPool` function, the calculation of the `feeAmount` is performed without appropriate checks to prevent potential arithmetic overflow. The vulnerability lies in the following formula:

`feeAmount = (_amount * percentFee) / getFeeDenominator();`

Even if the result of feeAmount is not higher than `2^256-1`, the multiplication is done before the division. Then, if `_amount * percentFee > 2^256-1`, this function will revert for any call. It is totally possible if a token has a high number of decimals or if this smart contract is used to dispatch an ERC20 supply.

Let's take an example which can cause an overflow here. Let's define our token:
- name: fundingToken
- decimals(): 1e50
- number of token hold by the funder: 1e10

Let's say that the user want to fund the pool with all his tokens. Then `_amount` is equal to `1e50 * 1e10 = 1e60`.
Then `_amount * percentFee = 1e78 > 2^256 - 1`.

## Impact

In specific cases, where it is the only way to dispatch supply, it can lead to the freeze of ERC20 tokens. However, this can be bypassed by setting `percentFee` to zero for every project.
When users attempt to fund the pool with a large `_amount`, the arithmetic overflow will occur, causing the transaction to revert. This can disrupt the normal operation of the contract and prevent legitimate interactions.

## Code Snippet

```solidity
    /// @notice Fund a pool.
    /// @dev Deducts the fee and transfers the amount to the distribution strategy.
    ///      Emits a 'PoolFunded' event.
    /// @param _amount The amount to transfer
    /// @param _poolId The 'poolId' for the pool you are funding
    /// @param _strategy The address of the strategy
    function _fundPool(uint256 _amount, uint256 _poolId, IStrategy _strategy) internal {
        uint256 feeAmount;
        uint256 amountAfterFee = _amount;

        Pool storage pool = pools[_poolId];
        address _token = pool.token;

        if (percentFee > 0) {
            feeAmount = (_amount * percentFee) / getFeeDenominator();
            amountAfterFee -= feeAmount;

            _transferAmountFrom(_token, TransferData({from: msg.sender, to: treasury, amount: feeAmount}));
        }

        _transferAmountFrom(_token, TransferData({from: msg.sender, to: address(_strategy), amount: amountAfterFee}));
        _strategy.increasePoolAmount(amountAfterFee);

        emit PoolFunded(_poolId, amountAfterFee, feeAmount);
    }
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

OpenZeppelin has a specific function to resolve this issue in Math.sol library : https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/blob/a4596cab053d46e0bf2957e2ed490cb3921539ee/contracts/utils/math/Math.sol#L55

Then this line:
```solidity
feeAmount = (_amount * percentFee) / getFeeDenominator();
```
can be replaced by:
```solidity
feeAmount = Math.mulDiv(_amount, percentFee, getFeeDenominator())
```