Urban Strawberry Monkey

medium

# Mismatch between `msg.value` and `amount` when creating a new pool might cause pool funds to be stuck in `Allo` contract

Both `Allo#createPool()` and `Allo#createPoolWithCustomStrategy()` allow creation of pools funded with native tokens. In these instances, it is expected that the values of `msg.value` and `amount` should match. However, if a pool admin unintentionally makes a typo, for example, using `msg.value` of `100 ether` while setting `amount` to `10 ether`, it leads to a situation where the difference between `msg.value` and `amount` gets stuck within the `Allo` contract.

## Vulnerability Detail

In the `Allo` smart contract, both `Allo#createPool()` and `Allo#createPoolWithCustomStrategy()` use `_createPool()` to create new pools.

The `_createPool()` function has a parameter called `_amount` of type `uint256` used for initial funding. If `_amount > 0`, it tries to fund the pool via `_fundPool()`, applicable to both native tokens and ERC20 tokens.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/core/Allo.sol#L480-L482

The `_fundPool()` function calculates and deducts fees (if any) and transfers the remaining amount to the pool's strategy address using `Transfer#_transferAmountFrom()`:

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/core/Allo.sol#L509-L516

When dealing with native tokens, like ETH, `Transfer#_transferAmountFrom()` checks if `msg.value` (the sent ETH) is sufficient (not less than `amount`) in order to successfully complete the transfer. However, if `msg.value` is greater than `amount`, the excess ETH remains within the `Allo` contract:

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/core/libraries/Transfer.sol#L72-L77

This could happen in case of a typo made by the pool admin when creating a new pool, e.g.
- `msg.value = 100 ETH`
- `amount = 10 ETH`

There is no mechanism to prevent such errors which could lead to pool funds being stuck in the `Allo` contract.

## Impact

The vulnerability's impact is that excess funds deposited into a pool end up in the `Allo` contract and become inaccessible, effectively getting stuck.

In a technical sense, it is theoretically possible to recover these funds using the `Allo` contract's `recoverFunds()` function. However, two critical issues need to be highlighted:

- **Ownership Restriction:** The `Allo#recoverFunds()` function can only be triggered by the protocol owner. This limitation contradicts the trustless nature of the protocol, as it means the pool admin must rely on the protocol owner to access their funds.

- **Lack of Fund Identification:** Even if `Allo#recoverFunds()` is used, it simply transfers all the stuck funds. The `Allo` contract lacks an accounting mechanism to determine the rightful owners of these stuck funds. This makes it challenging to identify and distribute the funds accurately.

- **All-or-Nothing Fund Recovery**: The `Allo#recoverFunds` function operates in an all-or-nothing fashion. It can only transfer all accumulated funds at once, which can be impractical when multiple users have funds stuck in the contract. This limitation can lead to unequal and non-granular fund recovery, complicating the resolution of the issue.

In essence, the vulnerability leaves deposited funds stranded within the `Allo` contract, and although there's a potential solution, it's not ideal due to ownership restrictions and a lack of clarity in identifying fund ownership.

## Code Snippet

Here is a proof of concept which reproduces the issue:

```solidity
contract StuckFundsPoC is AlloTest {

    function setUp() public override {
        super.setUp();
    }

    function test_stuckFundsPoC() public {
        address payableStrategy = address(new PayableMockStrategy(address(allo())));
        allo().addToCloneableStrategies(payableStrategy);

        vm.deal(pool_admin(), 100 ether);
        console.log("\n=== Before Pool Creation ===");
        console.log("Pool admin balance:\t\t%s wei", pool_admin().balance);

        vm.prank(pool_admin());
        //                 Note that msg.value is 100 ether...                             ...while amount is 10 ether                                 
        uint256 poolId = allo().createPool{value: 100 ether}(poolProfile_id(), payableStrategy, "0x", NATIVE, 10 ether, metadata, pool_managers());
        IAllo.Pool memory pool = allo().getPool(poolId);

        console.log("\n=== After Pool Creation ===");
        console.log("Pool admin balance:\t\t%s wei", pool_admin().balance);
        console.log("Strategy balance:\t\t%s wei", address(pool.strategy).balance);
        console.log("Allo balance (Stuck):\t\t%s wei", address(allo()).balance);
    }
}

contract PayableMockStrategy is MockStrategy {

    constructor(address _allo) MockStrategy(_allo) {}

    receive() external payable {}
}
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

There are 2 possible remediation steps here:

- If the value of `msg.value` does not match the specified `amount`, the pool creation process should be terminated and revert;
- In cases where `msg.value` is greater than the required `amount`, the excess native tokens should be promptly returned to the pool administrator to ensure that they are not left trapped within the contract.