Flat Seaweed Platypus

high

# Reentrancy in Allo.sol createPoolWithCustomStrategy
The function `createPoolWithCustomStrategy()` in the Allo.sol contract contains a critical reentrancy vulnerability, which can be exploited by a malicious actor through creating a custom strategy with a fallback function with the sole purpose of reentering the Allo contract `_fundPool()` function.

## Vulnerability Detail
The root cause of the vulnerability is the lack of a reentrancy guard in the `createPoolWithCustomStrategy()` in Allo.sol line 144.

In order to reproduce the attack the following steps are to be taken:

1. Register a profile in Registry.sol using the `createProfile()` method.
2. Create a custom strategy as shown in the #Code Snippet and upload it to the EVM, the strategy only requires the  `initialize()` `getPoolId() ` and `getAllo()` methods to pass as a valid custom strategy for the attack scenario.
3. Add a fallback function targeting any function in the Allo.sol contract, however in this case the target is the public `fundPool` method.
4. Create a custom strategy by calling the `createPoolWithCustomStrategy()` function and using the malicious strategy address as the `_strategy` argument.

If all other inputs are correct the execution flow will be as follows:
 
1. Allo.sol `createPoolWithCustomStrategy()` <a href="https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/core/Allo.sol#L144">line 144</a>
2. `_createPool()` line 415
3. `_fundPool()` line 502
4.  Transfer.sol  `_transferAmountFrom()` <a href="https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/core/libraries/Transfer.sol#L70">line 70 </a>
5.  SafeTransferLib.sol `safeTransferETH()` <a href="https://github.com/Vectorized/solady/blob/b8428c89d01cb13c9b602160130130d5754f3095/src/utils/SafeTransferLib.sol#L64">line 64</a>
6.  Attack.sol `fallback()`
7.  Allo.sol `fundPool` <a href="https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/core/Allo.sol#L339">line 339</a>
8. `_fundPool()` line 502
9. Transfer.sol  `_transferAmountFrom()` line 70
10. SafeTransferLib.sol `safeTransferETH()` line 64
11. Attack.sol `fallback()`

## Impact
This attack allows an attacker to call the fund pool function consecutively resulting in a missed  <a href="https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/core/Allo.sol#L517C9-L517C54">  `increasePoolAmount()`  </a> call for the prior strategy, which could lead to inconsistent pool states across the protocol.


## Code Snippet
`function createPoolWithCustomStrategy(
        bytes32 _profileId,
        address _strategy,
        bytes memory _initStrategyData,
        address _token,
        uint256 _amount,
        Metadata memory _metadata,
        address[] memory _managers
    ) external payable returns (uint256 poolId) {`

## Tool used
Hardhat

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Use a reentrancy gaurd in the `createPoolWithCustomStrategy` in Allo.sol
Use force variants in the soladay SafeTransferLib.sol library