Savory Boysenberry Cobra

medium

# Allo contract doesn't check that pool's token exists
Allo contract doesn't check that pool's token exists, which allows owner to set up pool for deterministic token without paying a fee.
## Vulnerability Detail
When new pool is created, then creator should pay [base fee](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/core/Allo.sol#L469-L478) to the protocol. Also when someone funds pool, he should also provide [some percentage as fee](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/core/Allo.sol#L509-L514).

In order to handle transfers [protocol uses `SafeTransferLib.safeTransferFrom`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/core/libraries/Transfer.sol#L78). The problem is that this function doesn't revert for non-contract address call.

There are many token addresses that are deterministic. Some protocols are trying to deploy their token on different chains with same address. Also it's possible to predict the address of next token that will be created for a uniswap pool, for example(using create, create2 inputs). In the same way organisation that is going to deploy own token can predict token address before it's created.

This allows to create pools without paying base fee and funding fee.
For example organisation that is going to deploy own token can create several pools before it's deployed and avoid paying base fee. Or it can also fund these pools and later just transfer token to avoid paying funding fee.
## Impact
Organisations have approach to avoid paying fees for non deployed deterministic tokens. 
## Code Snippet
Provided above
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Check that token is already deployed.