Suave Peanut Panda

high

# Lack of registry verification allows a malicious user to deploy the anchor contract with a malicious registry contract for any profileId by frontrunning the `createProfile` function
When creating a profile, users specify nonce in `createProfile` function and are given the profileId based on this nonce and msg.sender's address. Later on, an anchor is created  which is tied to the given profileId. The creation is deterministic in its nature so it is possible for anyone to create an anchor beforehand. This would not be an issue if it was not possible to create an anchor with malicious registry address, thus breaking its security and integrity.
## Vulnerability Detail
In `_generateAnchor()` function a salt of a profileId and a user-supplied variable \_name is passed into `CREATE3.getDeployed()` function for address pre calculation. This address is then used to check whether the contract exists or not. If it does, it just returns the address. `The only check performed is that the profileId of the anchor contract matches the profileId calculated in createProfile() function.`
```solidity
if (preCalculatedAddress.code.length > 0) {
            if (Anchor(payable(preCalculatedAddress)).profileId() != _profileId)
                revert ANCHOR_ERROR();
            //@audit no registry mismatch check, this tx can be frontrun to create a malicious anchor with fake registry contract

            anchor = preCalculatedAddress;
        }
```
This allows anyone to frontrun this transaction to create an anchor with malicious registry contract.
Consider the following scenario. Alice wants to create a new profile for herself. Bob sees her transaction in the mempool and frontruns it with anchor deployment (he can do that since anchor creation is deterministic). In constructor of the anchor contract, he provides the right profileId to pass the above check (he can also do that since profileIds are hashes of `nonce` and `msg.sender`) and also provides malicious registry contract. Now the check in the `Anchor.execute()` is completely useless.
```solidity
if (!registry.isOwnerOfProfile(profileId, msg.sender)) revert UNAUTHORIZED();
```
Alice then decides to use her anchor as recipientAddress in some strategy. Now Bob only needs to wait for the distribution to start. When the funds are in the Anchor contract, he calls `execute` and can do whatever he wants with them.
## Impact
This successfully breaks the Anchor contract functionality and also can be used to steal funds from users. Since Anchors are specifically designed to be used as recipientAddresses in strategies, the impact can be very huge.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/core/Anchor.sol#L70-L84
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/core/Registry.sol#L119-L125
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/core/Registry.sol#L335-L352
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add an additional check in `_generateAnchor()` function in the branch where `preCalculatedAddress.code.length > 0`
```solidity
if (Anchor(payable(preCalculatedAddress)).registry() != address(this))
                revert ANCHOR_ERROR();
```