Flat Seaweed Platypus

high

# Fund recovery function could lead to an insolvent protocol.
## Summary
The <a href="https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/core/Allo.sol#L283">`recoverFunds()`</a> function in Allo.sol and <a href="https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/core/Registry.sol#L384"> Registry.sol </a> does not allow a balance input, which could lead to an insolvent protocol situation if more than a single user requires recovered funds.

## Vulnerability Detail
In the case more than a single user call a payable function leaving excess token in Allo.sol, if the tokens are the same, then the owner would have to choose which user to transfer all the tokens to. 

The scenario:
User A calls payable function <a href="https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/core/Allo.sol#L144C14-L144C43"> `createPoolWithCustomStrategy()` </a>
User A calls with a value of 10 Native token and sets `_amount` to 5 Native token

User B also calls payable function  <a href="https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/core/Allo.sol#L144C14-L144C43"> `createPoolWithCustomStrategy()` </a>
User B calls with a value of 10 Native token and sets `_amount` to 8 Native token

The result is that the contract Allo.sol will have a total excess of 7 Native token waiting to be recovered.

Should this be the situation, the owner of Allo.sol can only recover the amount for either User A or User B, resulting in a the protocol being incapable of paying a single user.

## Impact
This impacts the recovery of excess user funds, leading to an insolvent protocol.

## Code Snippet

function recoverFunds(address _token, address _recipient) external onlyOwner {
        uint256 amount = _token == NATIVE ? address(this).balance : IERC20Upgradeable(_token).balanceOf(address(this));

        _transferAmount(_token, _recipient, amount);
    }

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
The Allo.sol <a href="https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/core/Allo.sol#L283">`recoverFunds()`</a> function could allow balance input since the protocol owner is trusted.
Payable function could implement refunds in the case of excess funds.