Blunt Cerulean Hedgehog

medium

# Allocated voice credits can exceed available voice credits for the allocator
## Summary
The `_qv_allocate` function within the provided contract allows for the allocation of voice credits to recipients. However, a vulnerability exists that can lead to inaccurate voice credit allocation. Specifically, the function calculates the allocation based on the total credits, including the amount to be allocated and the credits previously cast to the recipient. This can result in allocated voice credits exceeding the available voice credits for the allocator.
## Vulnerability Detail
The `_qv_allocate` function is responsible for allocating voice credits to recipients. It involves the following code snippet:
```solidity
function _qv_allocate(
    Allocator storage _allocator,
    Recipient storage _recipient,
    address _recipientId,
    uint256 _voiceCreditsToAllocate,
    address _sender
) internal onlyActiveAllocation {
    // ...
    uint256 totalCredits = _voiceCreditsToAllocate + creditsCastToRecipient;
    uint256 voteResult = _sqrt(totalCredits * 1e18);

    // ...
    voteResult -= votesCastToRecipient;
    totalRecipientVotes += voteResult;
    _recipient.totalVotesReceived += voteResult;

    _allocator.voiceCreditsCastToRecipient[_recipientId] += totalCredits;
    _allocator.votesCastToRecipient[_recipientId] += voteResult;

    // ...
    emit Allocated(_recipientId, voteResult, _sender);
}

```
The issue arises because `_voiceCreditsToAllocate` is added to the `creditsCastToRecipient` variable to calculate `totalCredits`. If `_voiceCreditsToAllocate` exceeds the available voice credits held by the allocator, it can lead to an incorrect calculation of `totalCredits` and, subsequently, the allocation of voice credits.
## Impact
The impact of this vulnerability is that allocated voice credits can exceed the available voice credits for the allocator. This results in inaccurate voice credit allocations, potentially favoring some recipients unfairly and undermining the intended allocation process. It can also disrupt the balance of voice credits within the system.
## Code Snippet
(https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/qv-base/QVBaseStrategy.sol#L506-L534)
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
A verification step should be added at the beginning of the `_qv_allocate` function. This step should check whether `_voiceCreditsToAllocate` exceeds the available voice credits for the allocator. If the allocation amount is greater than what the allocator has, the function should revert or take appropriate action to prevent the allocation from proceeding. This verification will help maintain the integrity and fairness of the voice credit allocation system.