Rural Spruce Goose

medium

# `baseFee` assumes every native tokens have same decimals
## Summary
In the Allo.sol, when creating a new pool, the `baseFee` is taken from the user. And if the token of the pool is `NATIVE`, then it will directly transfer the amount of `baseFee` into `treasury` without considering that NATIVE tokens may have different token decimals.
This will result in more/less fees are collected from the users, or even worse, if disable creating pools with in some chains.
## Vulnerability Detail
According to the docs and comments given by the dev, Allo supports "All EVM compatible chains + Zkync Era" and the native tokens are exactly "The native token refers to ETH/Matic/.."
However, not every EVM compatible chains native tokens share the same decimals, for example ETH has 18, while [CRO](https://etherscan.io/address/0xa0b73e1ff0b80914ab6fe0444e65848c4c34450b#readContract) has 8 decimals. 
But in the implementation of `baseFee`, they are treating the same:
```solidity
 if (baseFee > 0) {
            // To prevent paying the baseFee from the Allo contract's balance
            // If _token is NATIVE, then baseFee + _amount should be <= than msg.value.
            // If _token is not NATIVE, then baseFee should be <= than msg.value.
            if ((_token == NATIVE && (baseFee + _amount >= msg.value)) || (_token != NATIVE && baseFee >= msg.value)) {
                revert NOT_ENOUGH_FUNDS();
            }
            _transferAmount(NATIVE, treasury, baseFee);
            emit BaseFeePaid(poolId, baseFee);
        }
```
If `baseFee` is set according the ETH, then it will be relatively too much for the CRO. Result in creating the pool unaffordable  with CRO.
## Impact
Mismatch calculations for different token decimals, result in users loss or disability to create pools with certain tokens. 
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/allo-protocol/allo-v2/blob/851571c27df5c16f6586ece2a1cb6fd0acf04ec9/contracts/core/Allo.sol#L469-L478
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add a decimal check for tokens used in Allo, and change the `baseFee` from exact amount to the relative percentage in functions used it.