Ambitious Brick Ladybug

medium

# The milestone status can be continuously reset
The `submitUpcomingMilestone` function from RFPSimpleStrategy contract permits an accepted recipient, or a member of an accepted recipient's profile, to change the status of a submitted milestone to Pending. This allows the recipient to change any Rejected status set by the pool manager using the `rejectMilestone` function. 
## Vulnerability Detail
The `submitUpcomingMilestone` function checks if the msg.sender is an `acceptedRecipientId` or a member of the recipient's profile. If true, the sender can modify the `milestoneStatus` of the `upcomingMilestone` to Pending:
```solidity
if (acceptedRecipientId != msg.sender && !_isProfileMember(acceptedRecipientId, msg.sender)) { 
    revert UNAUTHORIZED();
}
...
milestone.milestoneStatus = Status.Pending;
```
The `rejectMilestone` function, restricted only to the pool manager, allows the manager to set a milestone's status to Rejected.
Every time a pool manager rejects a milestone, the recipient (or a member of the recipient's profile) can simply call `submitUpcomingMilestone` to override that rejection, setting the status back to Pending.

## Impact
It would not be possible to keep the milestone rejected.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/rfp-simple/RFPSimpleStrategy.sol#L227-L247
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/rfp-simple/RFPSimpleStrategy.sol#L283-L290
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider implementing a mechanism where, once a milestone is rejected, it cannot be set back to pending by the recipient. This can be achieved by adding an additional check in the `submitUpcomingMilestone` function to prevent changing the status of a rejected milestone.