Urban Strawberry Monkey

medium

# Lack of contract existence check in `Anchor` could lead to loss of funds
The `Anchor#execute()` function uses Solidity's low-level `call()` function to interact with external contracts and send native tokens. It doesn't check if the contract exists, which can lead to potential fund losses in two cases:

- The contract at the given address was deleted using `SELFDESTRUCT`;
- A typo error leads to a call being made to an Externally Owned Account (EOA) address that lacks a deployed contract and is not under the control of the pool owner;

## Vulnerability Detail
The following code is used in the `Anchor` contract to perform interactions with external contracts:

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/core/Anchor.sol#L74-L78

While there is a zero-address check before the call, there is no check for contract existence via `extcodesize()`.

`call` operations return `true` even if the `_target` address is not a contract, so it is
important to include contract existence checks alongside such operations.

The [Solidity Language Documentation](https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/latest/control-structures.html#error-handling-assert-require-revert-and-exceptions) states the following:
> The low-level functions call, delegatecall and staticcall return true as their first return value if the account called is non-existent, as part of the design of the EVM. Account existence must be checked prior to calling if needed.

**Example scenario:**
- Bob, a profile owner, calls `execute()` with `_target` set to an address that should be a
contract; however, the contract was self-destructed. Even though the contract at this
address no longer exists, the operation still succeeds.

## Impact
Possible loss of funds

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/core/Anchor.sol#L64-L84

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Implement a contract existence check before the `call()` operation in the
`Anchor#execute()` function. If the `call()` operation is expected to send native tokens to an externally owned address (EOA), ensure that the check is performed **only** if `_data.length` is not zero.