Sneaky Amethyst Robin

high

# Can avoid paying percentFee via Allo.fundPool

`msg.value` is validated separately for paying the `percentFee` and for funding the pool, requiring only the maximum of the two required values to be passed, allowing the `percentFee` to be paid for by funds held by Allo.sol.

Note that this is a separate issue from the known issue of fee skirting as it is executed through Allo.fundPool.

## Vulnerability Detail

`Allo._fundPool` contains two `_transferAmountFrom`'s, one for transferring the `percentFee` to the treasury, and one for actually funding the pool. In the case that the token being used for funding is `NATIVE`, `_transferAmountFrom` simply validates that `msg.value` is not less than the `amount` being transferred. The problem with this logic however, is that both transfers are within the same `msg` context, resulting in `msg.value` being shared between them. As a result, as long as `msg.value` is >= either amount used there will be no revert as long as Allo.sol holds enough ETH to cover the unpaid amount. We know that it is realistic that Allo.sol holds ETH because:
- There is a `recoverFunds` method
- `_createPool` enforces that strictly greater than the required amount is passed as `msg.value` (a separate finding)

An attacker can take advantage of this by funding a pool, passing the `msg.value` as the amount to fund excluding the `percentFee`, avoiding paying the `percentFee` altogether.

## Impact

Attackers can avoid paying the `percentFee` to fund their pool, even when funding indirectly via Allo.fundPool.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/allo-protocol/allo-v2/blob/851571c27df5c16f6586ece2a1cb6fd0acf04ec9/contracts/core/Allo.sol#L509
```solidity
if (percentFee > 0) {
    feeAmount = (_amount * percentFee) / getFeeDenominator();
    amountAfterFee -= feeAmount;

    _transferAmountFrom(_token, TransferData({from: msg.sender, to: treasury, amount: feeAmount}));
}

_transferAmountFrom(_token, TransferData({from: msg.sender, to: address(_strategy), amount: amountAfterFee}));
```

https://github.com/allo-protocol/allo-v2/blob/851571c27df5c16f6586ece2a1cb6fd0acf04ec9/contracts/core/libraries/Transfer.sol#L74

```solidity
if (_token == NATIVE) {
    // Native Token
    if (msg.value < amount) revert AMOUNT_MISMATCH();

    SafeTransferLib.safeTransferETH(_transferData.to, amount);
}
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

`msg.value` should not be validated separately within the same context. Instead it's necessary that we validate `msg.value` is sufficient to cover **both** amounts to be transferred.