Uneven Holographic Llama

medium

# Front-running Vulnerability in Strategy Registration
## Summary
The createPoolWithCustomStrategy function in the Allo.sol contract allows the creation of a pool with a custom strategy (a contract already deployed). However, it's susceptible to a front-running attack where an malicious party can intercept a genuine strategy deployment and register by creating the pool before the original deployer.

## Vulnerability Detail
Alice deploys a strategy contract with the intention of creating a pool with it.
Alice then attempts to call createPoolWithCustomStrategy with the previously deployed strategy contract address.
Bob front-runs Alice's createPoolWithCustomStrategy transaction and calls createPoolWithCustomStrategy with Alice's strategy contract address.
As a result, Bob effectively "steals" the registration of Alice's deployed strategy, making Alice have to deploy a new contract in order to create her pool with a custom strategy.

## Impact
Malicious actors can leverage this vulnerability to hijack strategy registrations, potentially leading to misuse of genuine strategy deployments. Considering there's no way to ensure users won't transfer monetary value to the contract on it's deployment, such as in the case of fee skirting where pool manager directly fund the pool without paying the fees, hijacking a strategy contract usage can possibly locks user funds.

## Code Snippet
[createPoolWithCustomStrategy](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/core/Allo.sol#L144-L161)
```solidity
function createPoolWithCustomStrategy(
        bytes32 _profileId,
        address _strategy,
        bytes memory _initStrategyData,
        address _token,
        uint256 _amount,
        Metadata memory _metadata,
        address[] memory _managers
    ) external payable returns (uint256 poolId) {
        // Revert if the strategy address passed is the zero address with 'ZERO_ADDRESS()'
        if (_strategy == address(0)) revert ZERO_ADDRESS();

        // Revert if we already have this strategy in our cloneable mapping with 'IS_APPROVED_STRATEGY()' (only non-cloneable strategies can be used)
        if (_isCloneableStrategy(_strategy)) revert IS_APPROVED_STRATEGY();

        // Call the internal '_createPool()' function and return the pool ID
        return _createPool(_profileId, IStrategy(_strategy), _initStrategyData, _token, _amount, _metadata, _managers);
    }
```
Notice the function does not have any call to confirm strategy ownership, meaning anyone could register a strategy as it's own.

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Atomic Deployment and Initialization: Implement a mechanism that allows users to atomically deploy a strategy and initialize it, thus preventing front-running.
Strategy Ownership Validation: Introduce validation checks to ensure that the caller of createPoolWithCustomStrategy is the owner or has appropriate permissions over the strategy being registered.