Kind Velvet Mole

high

# The _recipientIds and _data arrays passed to the distribute() function are assumed to be the same length. If they are different lengths, it could lead to unintended behavior.
## Summary
It assumes the recipientIds and data arrays are the same length. If they aren't, it will revert. But it could also lead to unintended behavior if they are different lengths. 
## Vulnerability Detail
The getPayouts() function takes in two arrays - _recipientIds and _data. It first checks that the arrays are the same length: [Link 1](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/BaseStrategy.sol#L218). If they are not the same length, it will revert.
However, if the check passes, it will then loop through the _recipientIds array to get the address: [Link 2](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/BaseStrategy.sol#L221-L222). And use the index from that loop to also index into the _data array and get the corresponding data.
This is problematic if the arrays are not the same length. For example:
_recipientIds = [0x123, 0x456]
_data = [0x789]
When looping through _recipientIds, it will try to access index 0 and 1 of _data. But _data only has 1 element, so accessing index 1 will read invalid memory and could cause unintended behavior or errors.

## Impact
- Could call distribute logic on unintended recipients
- Could pass invalid data to distribute logic
- Potentially arbitrary unused data used
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/BaseStrategy.sol#L218
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/BaseStrategy.sol#L221-L222
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
- Explicitly check array lengths are same inside loop
- Use mappings rather than arrays if order doesn't matter
- Validate data length requirements in strategy specific logic
