Sneaky Amethyst Robin

medium

# `Transfer._transferAmountsFrom` reverts if the msg context doesn't have the exact value that it expects to transfer in ETH

`_transferAmountsFrom` reverts if the msg.value is not entirely used by the transfers. However, this is an internal function and the message context could include additional msg.value used for other purposes, in which case execution will be reverted.

## Vulnerability Detail

`_transferAmountsFrom` includes a check which reverts if the remaining msg.value is not 0 after transferring all the ETH which is intended during execution. This unsafely assumes that the msg context will never include additional `value` that's not being transferred as part of `_transferAmountsFrom`'s execution, resulting in a revert if ever there is additional msg.value.

Consider for example a contract which splits ETH to different addresses using `_transferAmountsFrom`, but also accepts a fee. In this case, the function does not use all the msg.value just for transferring the tokens as it maintains some as a fee. In this case, the function will always revert. 

Additionally, if a contract transferred tokens using this function, there could not be any msg.value in the same context as usage of `_transferAmountsFrom`.

## Impact

Unexpected reverts due to assumption that all msg.value is used in internal function.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/allo-protocol/allo-v2/blob/851571c27df5c16f6586ece2a1cb6fd0acf04ec9/contracts/core/libraries/Transfer.sol#L61
```solidity
// @audit msg.value can no longer carry additional eth used for other purposes
if (msgValue != 0) revert AMOUNT_MISMATCH();
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Logic should instead simply validate that there is sufficient msg.value to process all transfers, i.e. only revert if msg.value is strictly less than the total amount to transfer.