Prehistoric Blue Coyote

high

# Problem in in the order of operations of the function generateAnchor
## Summary
in the order of operations of the function generateAnchor is an issue see the vulnerability details for more details 
## Vulnerability Detail

The vulnerable part : 

```solidity 
if (preCalculatedAddress.code.length > 0) {
    if (Anchor(payable(preCalculatedAddress)).profileId() != _profileId) revert ANCHOR_ERROR();

    anchor = preCalculatedAddress;
}
```
- the problem in the order of operations. the function first check if a contract exists at preCalculatedAddress and then, if it does, access its profileId so  An attacker could exploit this by deploying a malicious contract at that address with a reentrant fallback function let’s go for more explaining . 
As an Initial State for the scenario :
- in  contract, let's call it our contact , has the _generateAnchor function and we have An attacker has a Malicious Contract, with a reentrant fallback function.
He is the Scenario:
-  Attacker deploys Malicious Contract and targets our contact that contain issue.
- Attacker obtains a profileId as an example let's say it's "123" and calculates a specific salt such that keccak256(abi.encodePacked("123", _name)) results in the same salt as what the _generateAnchor function would produce.
- Attacker calls _generateAnchor("123", _name) on our contract, where _name is the name they want to use. in the vulnerable function 
- so proceeds with the following:
- Checks if the contract already exists at preCalculatedAddress.
- If it does, it checks if the profileId in that contract matches "123". If it doesn't, it reverts with ANCHOR_ERROR.
-  Before the revert due to ANCHOR_ERROR, the attacker  that use Malicious Contract  intercepts the call and executes its reentrant fallback function.
- In the fallback function in  Malicious Contract, it calls back into the contract, and modifying state or causing unexpected behaviors.
- As result Result:
The attacker that use Malicious Contract it was able to execute code in between the if condition check and the revert due to ANCHOR_ERROR.

## Impact

An attacker can deploy a malicious contract that, when called, enter into a reentrant state. This malicious contract can then call back into the  _generateAnchor function before the ANCHOR_ERROR is reverted. This happen Depending on the logic of the malicious contract, and lead to unexpected behaviors.

## Code Snippet
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/core/Registry.sol#L340C9-L344C43
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
This update can fix the vulnerability that to ensures that no interactions with existing contracts happen before completing the necessary checks
```solidity 
function _generateAnchor(bytes32 _profileId, string memory _name) internal returns (address anchor) {
    bytes32 salt = keccak256(abi.encodePacked(_profileId, _name));

    address preCalculatedAddress = CREATE3.getDeployed(salt);

    // Check if the contract already exists and if the profileId matches
    if (preCalculatedAddress.code.length > 0) {
        if (Anchor(payable(preCalculatedAddress)).profileId() != _profileId) {
            revert ANCHOR_ERROR();
        }

        anchor = preCalculatedAddress;
    } else {
        // Check if the contract has already been deployed by checking code size of address
        bytes memory creationCode = abi.encodePacked(type(Anchor).creationCode, abi.encode(_profileId));
        anchor = CREATE3.deploy(salt, creationCode, 0);
    }
}
```