Digital Merlot Seagull

medium

# Unauthorized Access: The execute function assumes that only the owner of the profile can call it, but it does not verify the identity of the caller in any way other than checking if they own the profile.
## Summary
The contract's `execute` function assumes that only the owner of the profile can call it, relying solely on a check to see if the caller owns the profile. This lack of identity verification could potentially allow unauthorized addresses to execute calls on behalf of a profile, leading to misuse.

## Vulnerability Detail
In the `execute` function, the contract checks if the caller is the owner of the profile using the following line of code:

```solidity
if (!registry.isOwnerOfProfile(profileId, msg.sender)) revert UNAUTHORIZED();
```

While this check verifies ownership of the profile, it does not ensure that the caller is indeed the authorized user associated with the profile. It lacks stronger identity verification mechanisms, such as authentication through cryptographic signatures or multi-factor authentication.

## Impact
The lack of strong identity verification can lead to unauthorized access, enabling other addresses to execute calls on behalf of a profile. This unauthorized access could result in misuse of the contract's functionality and may have unintended consequences.

## Code Snippet
relevant code snippet from the contract:
```solidity
if (!registry.isOwnerOfProfile(profileId, msg.sender)) revert UNAUTHORIZED();
```

```solidity
function execute(address _target, uint256 _value, bytes memory _data) external returns (bytes memory) {
    if (!registry.isOwnerOfProfile(profileId, msg.sender)) revert UNAUTHORIZED();
    // ...
}
```
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/core/Anchor.sol#L72

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
To enhance security and prevent unauthorized access, consider implementing stronger authentication and authorization mechanisms to verify the identity of the caller. This could include using cryptographic signatures, multi-factor authentication, or other secure identity verification methods. Additionally, carefully review and test the contract to ensure that only authorized users can execute calls on behalf of their profiles.