Digital Merlot Seagull

medium

# Depending on the number of recipients and the number of distributions, functions like _distribute could run out of gas, causing them to fail. Potential Gas limitaion
## Summary
Functions like _distribute could run into potential gas limitations, especially when dealing with a large number of recipients and distributions. This can lead to transaction failures due to out-of-gas errors. To mitigate this risk, it is advisable to consider batching or optimizing these operations.

## Vulnerability Detail
Ethereum transactions have a gas limit, which restricts the amount of computational work that can be done within a single transaction. When functions like _distribute involve a large number of recipients and distributions, the gas consumed can exceed the block's gas limit, causing the transaction to fail. This can prevent the successful execution of these critical functions.

## Impact
The impact of running into gas limitations during the execution of functions like _distribute can be significant:

Transactions may fail, preventing the distribution of funds to recipients.
Users and contract managers may need to initiate multiple transactions to complete the distribution process, incurring additional gas costs and complexity.
The contract's usability and efficiency can be compromised.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/donation-voting-merkle-base/DonationVotingMerkleDistributionBaseStrategy.sol#L609

 code that involves a loop for distributing funds to recipients. Depending on the number of recipients, this operation can become gas-intensive:

```solidity
function _distribute(address[] memory, bytes memory _data, address _sender)
    internal
    virtual
    override
    onlyPoolManager(_sender)
{
    if (!distributionStarted) {
        distributionStarted = true;
    }

    // Decode the '_data' to get the distributions
    Distribution[] memory distributions = abi.decode(_data, (Distribution[]));
    uint256 length = distributions.length;

    // Loop through the distributions and distribute the funds
    for (uint256 i; i < length;) {
        _distributeSingle(distributions[i]);
        unchecked {
            i++;
        }
    }

    // Emit that the batch payout was successful
    emit BatchPayoutSuccessful(_sender);
}
```
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
To address potential gas limitations, consider implementing batching or optimizing strategies in functions like `_distribute`. Batching involves splitting large operations into smaller, manageable chunks that can be executed in separate transactions. This approach allows you to distribute funds to recipients in smaller groups, reducing the gas consumption per transaction.

Additionally, you can optimize gas usage within loops and critical operations to minimize computational costs. Careful gas profiling and testing can help identify areas for optimization.

By implementing these strategies, you can make the contract more efficient and less prone to gas-related issues.
