Original Sky Buffalo

medium

# In `QVStrategy`, the `Status.Appeal` is a dead end and it is not possible to in fact, appeal from a rejection
As per the [documentation ](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/qv-base/README.md), "Recipients can be accepted, rejected, or appealed based on the review process.". The common sense behind an appeal is that it is a situation when something is temporarily rejected, because it requires some amendments to be accepted. However, the logic in `QVStrategy` causes "Appealed" recipients to fall into a dead end, as this status cannot be changed or processed anymore.

## Vulnerability Detail
A profile member may register a new candidate for a future recipient using function `registerRecipient` which calls [_registerRecipient](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/qv-base/QVBaseStrategy.sol#L369). For a new recipient, status `Pending` is given.

For a recipient to pass to the allocation/distribution stage, `poolManager` has to review recipients' details, using function [reviewRecipients](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/qv-base/QVBaseStrategy.sol#L254). 

During the review, `poolManager` may decide to grant `Status.Rejected`, presumably when a recipient does not meet e.g. community standards.
In such situation, the registering user should be able to use the appeal procedure. To do it, the user calls `registerRecipient` again, and the [function updates the status](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/qv-base/QVBaseStrategy.sol#L422-L425) to `Status.Appealed`

Now, normally the appealed recipient should be given an opportunity to be reviewed once again. But in [QVBaseStrategy.sol#L268-L271](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/qv-base/QVBaseStrategy.sol#L268-L271) there is a comment and a code explicitly saying, that if status is `Appealed`, then revert, so its unable to process that recipient.

If the registering user once again tries to do register that `recipientId`, it will fail, because in `registerRecipient` there is no conditional block handling `Status.Appealed`. So technically, if someone appeals, the submission will go to a dead end by default, and there is no other code handling this type of status either. The pieces of code are highlighted in the "Code Snippet" section.


## Impact
One of assumed functionality, which is an appeal procedure, does not work at all. The key functionality of the strategy is impaired. Also, while there is no direct funds loss, aside of increased gas/time costs, some recipients may not pass to the final phases due to failing to appeal, which results in future indirect funds loss (considering their standpoint in such situation). 

## Code Snippet

[QVBaseStrategy.sol#L268-L271](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/qv-base/QVBaseStrategy.sol#L268-L271)
```solidity
            // if the status is none or appealed then revert
            if (recipientStatus == Status.None || recipientStatus == Status.Appealed) {
                revert RECIPIENT_ERROR(recipientId);
            }
```

[QVBaseStrategy.sol#L414-L425](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/qv-base/QVBaseStrategy.sol#L414-L425)
```solidity
        if (currentStatus == Status.None) {
            // recipient registering new application
            recipient.recipientStatus = Status.Pending;
            emit Registered(recipientId, _data, _sender);
        } else {
            if (currentStatus == Status.Accepted) {
                // recipient updating accepted application
                recipient.recipientStatus = Status.Pending;
            } else if (currentStatus == Status.Rejected) {
                // recipient updating rejected application
                recipient.recipientStatus = Status.Appealed;
            }
```


## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
`Status.Appealed` should in fact be processed during the `reviewRecipients` operation and not cause revert.
Optionally, if the protocol team intends to restrict possibility of re-registering without a change, an additional logic handling `Status.Rejected` can be added - for example, diff current and pending recipient data - if it differs, then status can be changed from rejected to appealed, or there could be limited number of attempts allowed.