Ambitious Lemonade Chipmunk

high

# Anchor can be manipulated by malicious users
Anchor can be manipulated by malicious users.

## Vulnerability Detail
When a Profile is created, the _generateAnchor() function is called to deploy an Anchor contract. In this process, _name is a user-provided parameter, and profileId is calculated based on the user's address and the provided _nonce value.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/core/Registry.sol#L136-L143

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/core/Registry.sol#L358-L360

When deploying the Anchor contract, the preCalculatedAddress of the Anchor contract can be computed based on the values of _profileId and _name. Subsequently, the code checks if a contract has already been deployed at this address. If a contract has been deployed and its profileId matches the precomputed profileId, then it is considered a valid contract (lines 341-344)."

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/core/Registry.sol#L335-L352

This will lead to serious issues. The preCalculatedAddress is determined based on three values: msg.sender, _name, and _nonce. Malicious users can impersonate legitimate users and deploy malicious Anchor contracts. For example, if Alice is a legitimate user and Bob is a malicious user, and Bob knows Alice's address and can guess or obtain Alice's _name value (usually _name represents the project name, making it guessable), then Bob can pre-deploy a malicious Anchor contract. When Alice creates a Profile, it may inadvertently use Bob's malicious contract.

## Impact
Due to the manipulation of the execute() function in the Anchor contract by malicious users, legitimate users may inadvertently execute malicious execute() functions.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/core/Registry.sol#L335-L352

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
If an Anchor contract has already been deployed at the precomputed address, do not use that contract. Instead, revert with an ANCHOR_ERROR(). It is advisable for the user to change their nonce value and deploy a new Anchor contract.