Festive Brick Kitten

medium

# Percentage fee can be paid by the Allo contract when funding a pool

When funding a pool with the native Token, the funder can get the fee paid from the Allo contract.

## Vulnerability Detail

When funding a pool there is a percentage fee that has to be paid. However if the Pool is using the native token there is a possibility for the funder to skip the fee and get it paid by the Allo.sol contract´s balance.

If using the native Token the `fundPool` function is checking if there is a percentage fee configured, if it is, the `_transferAmountFrom` function is called twice. 

First to pay the percentage fee, and later to transfer the funds to the pool.
If the function is called twice and the native token is used there is a bug that allows the funder to skip the fee and get it paid by the Allo.sol contracts balance. This is because the `_transferAmountFrom` function is checking the `msg.value` of the transaction to be greater or equal than the amount to transfer. 
In this case a malicious funder can calculate the amount without the fee and pass this as a value. The first transferAmountFrom call will check if the fee amount is greater or equal than the fee amount and will therefore pass. The second check will go against the amount minus the percentage fee and therefore also pass, as the `msg.value` is not changed.     

The same issue is already tackled by a check inside the createPool function regarding the baseFee


## Impact

The fee can be skipped by the funder and it will be paid by the Allo.sol contract

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/core/Allo.sol#L509-L516

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Check the `msg.value` inside the `_fundPool` function to be greater or equal than the whole amount, similiar to the check for the baseFee inside `createPool`  