Feisty Glass Scallop

medium

# No Storage Gap for Upgradeable Contracts
For upgradeable contracts, there must be storage gap to "allow developers to freely add new state variables in the future without compromising the storage compatibility with existing deployments" (quote OpenZeppelin). Otherwise it may be very difficult to write new implementation code. Without storage gap, the variable in child contract might be overwritten by the upgraded base contract if new variables are added to the base contract. This could have unintended and very serious consequences to the child contracts, potentially causing loss of user fund or cause the contract to malfunction completely.

Refer to the bottom part of this article: https://docs.openzeppelin.com/upgrades-plugins/1.x/writing-upgradeable

## Vulnerability Detail

None of the protocol's contracts include a __gap variable. Without this variable, it is not possible to add any new variables to the inherited contracts without causing storage slot issues. Specifically, if variables are added to an inherited contract, the storage slots of
all subsequent variables in the contract will shift by the number of variables added. Such a shift would likely break the contract.

All upgradeable OpenZeppelin contracts contain a __gap variable, which you can see [here](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts-upgradeable/blob/54803be62207c2412e27d09325243f2f1452f7b9/contracts/access/OwnableUpgradeable.sol#L89-L94)

## Impact
Alice, a developer of the Meson protocol, adds a new variable to the MesonStates contract as part of an upgrade. As a result of the addition, the storage slot of each subsequent variable changes, and the contract stops working

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/6430c8004017e96ae2f5aac365bdefd0b6eeea72/allo-v2/contracts/core/Allo.sol#L6-L9

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/6430c8004017e96ae2f5aac365bdefd0b6eeea72/allo-v2/contracts/core/libraries/Clone.sol#L5

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Recommend adding appropriate storage gap at the end of upgradeable contracts such as the below. Please reference OpenZeppelin upgradeable contract templates.
```solidity
uint256[50] private __gap;

```