Tricky Rose Hare

medium

# The RFPSimpleStrategy can only be utilised once
## Summary

When profile owners choose to utilize a clonable already developed strategy, i think they might expect to utilize the strategy multiple times, to distribute funds for different tasks, in the community, expect that is not the case here in RFPSImpleStrategy.sol in the setMileStone function, here the first part of the vulnerability is located, the function checks if the upcomingMilestone != 0.

## Vulnerability Detail

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/rfp-simple/RFPSimpleStrategy.sol#L227C5-L247C6

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/rfp-simple/RFPSimpleStrategy.sol#L445

This appears normal at first glance, but looking further, one can see that if the upcomingMilestone value is not zero then there is a problem, this leads us to the second part of the vulnerability in the distribute function of the same contract, here the upcomingMilestone is increased by one when the funds has being distributed, which means that after the first milestone has being set another milestone cannot be set again, as the value of the upcomingMilestone is now one, when you try to set another the function reverts and prevents any new mile stone creation

Imagine a decentralised art auction platform that leverages blockchain technology to conduct art auctions transparently and securely. The platform uses this smart contract strategy. They set the initial milestones that represent stages in the auction process, such as art submission, bidding, and winner selection.

During the platform's initial setup, the creators use the setMilestones function to define and configure the milestones for the auction process. These milestones are hardcoded into the contract, representing specific phases of the auction, such as art submission, bidding, and winner selection.

Once the bidding phase reaches its milestone, the smart contract automatically triggers the winner selection process, awarding the artworks to the highest bidders. This phase is crucial because it ensures that the highest bidder for each artwork is correctly identified and rewarded. The amount is transferred to the recipient and the upcomingMileStone is increased.

## Impact

Because the upcomingMilestone is increased. New milestones for another auction cannot be made because the upcomingMilestone is now 1 and it reverts on call if it is not zero.

## Code Snippet
```solidity
function setMilestones(Milestone[] memory _milestones) external onlyPoolManager(msg.sender) {
        if (upcomingMilestone != 0) revert MILESTONES_ALREADY_SET();

        uint256 totalAmountPercentage;

        // Loop through the milestones and add them to the milestones array
        uint256 milestonesLength = _milestones.length;
        for (uint256 i; i < milestonesLength;) {
            totalAmountPercentage += _milestones[i].amountPercentage;
            milestones.push(_milestones[i]);

            unchecked {
                i++;
            }
        }

        // Check if the all milestone amount percentage totals to 1e18(100%)
        if (totalAmountPercentage != 1e18) revert INVALID_MILESTONE();

        emit MilestonesSet();
    }
```
Has the function displays, one can only set a new upcoming milestone if the upcomingMilestone value is zero else it will actually revert

```solidity
upcomingMilestone++;
```
Here we can see that after the funds are distributed to the accepted recipients, it keeps updating the upcoming milestone variable


## Tool used
Foundry Hardhat

## Recommendation

Make a reset function in which a new milestone can be created after the distribution stage like setting the upcomingMilestone back to zero, or if this is how it is going to be implemented, the Profile owners should know they have to deploy a new contract every time they want to use the strategy to distribute.
