Scruffy Taupe Orca

medium

# Vulnerability after updating of pool timestamps in the `QVBaseStrategy` strategy that can result in `funds being stuck`
Vulnerability after updating of pool timestamps in the `QVBaseStrategy` strategy that can result in funds being stuck and not distributed as intended when the pool undergoes multiple cycles of registration, allocation, and distribution phases.

## Vulnerability Detail
When the [`QVBaseStrategy.sol#_distribute()`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/qv-base/QVBaseStrategy.sol#L436-L465) function is executed, the payout for each recipient is calculated and the recipient's [status in `paidOut` mapping is updated to `true`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/qv-base/QVBaseStrategy.sol#L458). This is to ensure that a recipient doesn't receive funds more than once for the same allocation round. However, if the pool timestamps are updated via `updatePoolTimestamps()`, restarting the allocation period, and allocators allocate votes to recipients, previously paid recipients cannot receive any allocation in the new distribution phase due to their `paidOut` status ([https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/qv-base/QVBaseStrategy.sol#L451-L453](this check will revert)).

This behavior, combined with the fact that `poolAmount` remains unchanged after distribution, means that if the pool goes through multiple cycles of phases, funds meant for previous recipients (who have new votes allocated to them) will remain undistributed, leading to the potential for funds to get locked in the strategy.

## Proof of Concept

1. **Start**: Pool enters the registration and allocation phase. Allocators allocate votes to recipients.
2. **Distribution Phase**: `_distribute()` function is executed. Recipients receive their respective shares of `poolAmount` based on their allocated votes. The `paidOut` status for these recipients is set to `true`.
3. **Timestamp Update**: Pool manager invokes `updatePoolTimestamps()` to restart the allocation and distribution periods.
4. **New Allocations**: Allocators allocate more votes to recipients (the recipients can be those who were paid in the previous distribution phase).
5. **New Distribution Phase**: `_distribute()` function is executed again. However, recipients who were paid in the previous round are skipped due to their `paidOut` status, even if they had new votes allocated to them.
6. **Result**: The newly allocated votes for these recipients do not result in any distribution. This means their share of the `poolAmount` based on the new allocations remains undistributed and is effectively locked in the strategy.

## Impact
Recipients who have been paid in a previous distribution round cannot participate in subsequent distributions even if they have new votes allocated to them.

Impact is `High` because this can lead to a misallocation of funds and a situation where funds are locked within the strategy, unable to be distributed.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/qv-base/QVBaseStrategy.sol#L436-L465

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/qv-base/QVBaseStrategy.sol#L335-L360

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/qv-base/QVBaseStrategy.sol#L335-L360

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/qv-base/QVBaseStrategy.sol#L506-L534

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
1. Introduce variable that tracks how many amount was paid during distribution process. Let's say `distributedPoolAmount`.
2. After each time the `updatePoolTimestamps()` function is called:
   - decrease the `poolAmount` with the `distributedPoolAmount`.
   - loop through `paidOut` and decrease `totalRecipientVotes` with `recipient.totalVotesReceived`, after that set to 0 `recipient.totalVotesReceived` parameter if the `paidOut[recipient] == true`
  - set `paidOut[recipient] = false`