Tricky Rose Hare

medium

# Allocator not utilizing there allocated voice credit could lead to imbalance
## Summary

The fairness, efficiency, and integrity of the entire distribution process may come into question if allocators fail to use the voice credits that were assigned for allocation.
A disparate distribution of resources could result if some allocators choose not to distribute their voice credits. Projects that obtain allocations from active allocators could profit excessively, possibly to the detriment of projects that do not receive allocations because of inactive allocators.

## Vulnerability Detail

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/qv-base/QVBaseStrategy.sol#L140C4-L147C1

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/qv-base/QVBaseStrategy.sol#L506C5-L534C6

The quadratic voting approach depends on active involvement and a range of allocation preferences to be effective. The capacity of the strategy to effectively represent the preferences of the community may be compromised if a sizable portion of allocators repeatedly choose not to allocate.

Let’s look at two scenarios of Allocations 

Scenario 1 

In this scenario, all allocators actively participate and allocate their voice credits: 
Allocator A allocates 30 voice credits to Project X. 
Allocator B allocates 20 voice credits to Project Y. 
Allocator C allocates 50 voice credits to Project Z.

The result in this case is that the allocators' choices have a direct bearing on how the grant is distributed. The compensation to each project is calculated using the weight of their votes, which is calculated using the square root of the voice credits allotted.

Scenario 2

Some allocators decide not to use their voice credits in this situation 

Allocator A does not allocate any voice credits.
Allocator B allocates 20 voice credits to Project Y.
Allocator C allocates 50 voice credits to Project Z.
As a result, only 70 out of 100 voice credits are used for allocation.

The total number of voice credits that can be distributed has been decreased to 70 from 100.
There is no effect of Allocator A's preferences on the distribution.
The square root of the voice credits allotted by Allocators B and C has an impact on the weight of votes for Projects Y and Z.

## Impact

This could lead to a situation in which recipients, that expect to receive a particular amount of funds, represented by the voice credit given to the allocators on the strategy, a inactive allocator could potentially intentionally or non-intentionally distribute their credits, may have disrupted the funds sharing process allowing other projects getting funds and depriving other project in need of those fund  access to them.

## Code Snippet

```solidity
struct Allocator {
        // slot 0
        uint256 voiceCredits;
        // slots [1...n]
        mapping(address => uint256) voiceCreditsCastToRecipient;
        mapping(address => uint256) votesCastToRecipient;
    }
```
Here we see that the Allocators structs and the voice credits, but looking much deeper we discover that, the allocators are not obligated to actually distribute all their tokens or even any at all. 

```solidity
function _qv_allocate(
        Allocator storage _allocator,
        Recipient storage _recipient,
        address _recipientId,
        uint256 _voiceCreditsToAllocate,
        address _sender
    ) internal onlyActiveAllocation {
        // check the `_voiceCreditsToAllocate` is > 0
        if (_voiceCreditsToAllocate == 0) revert INVALID();

        // get the previous values
        uint256 creditsCastToRecipient = _allocator.voiceCreditsCastToRecipient[_recipientId];
        uint256 votesCastToRecipient = _allocator.votesCastToRecipient[_recipientId];

        // get the total credits and calculate the vote result
        uint256 totalCredits = _voiceCreditsToAllocate + creditsCastToRecipient;
        uint256 voteResult = _sqrt(totalCredits * 1e18);

        // update the values
        voteResult -= votesCastToRecipient;
        totalRecipientVotes += voteResult;
        _recipient.totalVotesReceived += voteResult;

        _allocator.voiceCreditsCastToRecipient[_recipientId] += totalCredits;
        _allocator.votesCastToRecipient[_recipientId] += voteResult;

        // emit the event with the vote results
        emit Allocated(_recipientId, voteResult, _sender);
    }
```

## Tool used

Foundry, Hardhat

## Recommendation

Allocators need to be compelled or incentivized to actually have an input and utilize their allocated credit scores, if they refuse to they should be some kind of way to transfer their credit scores to other active allocators in the pool. So has to maintain the effectiveness and integrity of the Strategy. 

