Scruffy Taupe Orca

high

# Uninitialized Allocator Bypasses `maxVoiceCreditsPerAllocator` Limit
Vulnerability in `QVSimpleStrategy.sol` contract allows an allocator to bypass the `maxVoiceCreditsPerAllocator` check, enabling them to allocate more voice credits than intended.

## Vulnerability Detail
An allocator can be added to the `allowedAllocators` mapping to mark them as allowed. However, if they aren't initialized or present in the `allocators` mapping, their corresponding state, especially the `voiceCredits` field, would default to zero. This leads to a scenario where when `_allocate` is called, the check `_hasVoiceCreditsLeft` will always consider the `voiceCredits` of this allocator to be zero, thereby enabling them to allocate any amount under the `maxVoiceCreditsPerAllocator` threshold, repeatedly.

## Proof of Concept

1. **Allow Allocator**: A user is added to the `allowedAllocators` mapping using `addAllocator(address _allocator)`.
2. **Allocate without Initialization**: The same user calls the `_allocate` function to allocate voice credits.
3. **Bypass**: Since this allocator is not present in the `allocators` mapping, their `voiceCredits` is considered zero by default. This causes the `_hasVoiceCreditsLeft` function to always return `true` as long as the allocated amount in each transaction is below the `maxVoiceCreditsPerAllocator` threshold.
4. **Result**: The allocator can keep allocating indefinitely, each time allocating an amount below the threshold, thereby bypassing the overall limit set by `maxVoiceCreditsPerAllocator`.

## Impact
This vulnerability allows allocators to allocate an unlimited amount of voice credits as long as each allocation stays under the `maxVoiceCreditsPerAllocator` limit. This can result in a misallocation of funds and disrupt the intended allocation mechanism.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/qv-base/QVBaseStrategy.sol#L154

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/qv-simple/QVSimpleStrategy.sol#L47

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/qv-simple/QVSimpleStrategy.sol#L88-L101

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/qv-simple/QVSimpleStrategy.sol#L107-L124

```solidity
function _allocate(bytes memory _data, address _sender) internal virtual override {
    ...
    Allocator storage allocator = allocators[_sender];
    ...
    if (!_hasVoiceCreditsLeft(voiceCreditsToAllocate, allocator.voiceCredits)) revert INVALID();
    ...
}
```

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/qv-simple/QVSimpleStrategy.sol#L144-L151

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Implement a mechanism to ensure that when an allocator is added to the `allowedAllocators`, they are also initialized with a corresponding entry in the `allocators` mapping.