Stable Charcoal Bison

high

# `transfering` tokens to multiple addresses togather inside a loop can create DOS issue.

Sending ether to another address in Ethereum involves a call to the receiving entity. There are several reasons why this external call could fail. If the receiving address is a contract, it could have a fallback function implemented that simply throws an exception, once it gets called. Another reason for failure is running out of gas. This can happen in cases where a lot of external calls have to be made within one single function call, for example when sending the profits of a bet to multiple winners. Because of these reasons developers should follow a simple principle: never trust external calls to execute without throwing an error. Most of the times this is not an issue, because it could be argued that it is the responsibility of the receiver to make sure that he is able to receive his money, and in case he does not, it is only to his disadvantage, but in reality it freeze a whole contract.

## Vulnerability Detail

## Code Snippet

```solidity
function _transferAmountsFrom(
    address _token,
    TransferData[] memory _transferData
) internal returns (bool) {
    uint256 msgValue = msg.value;

    for (uint256 i; i < _transferData.length; ) {
        TransferData memory transferData = _transferData[i];

        if (_token == NATIVE) {
            msgValue -= transferData.amount;

            SafeTransferLib.safeTransferETH(
                transferData.to,
                transferData.amount
            );
        } else {
            SafeTransferLib.safeTransferFrom(
                _token,
                transferData.from,
                transferData.to,
                transferData.amount
            );
        }

        unchecked {
            i++;
        }
    }

    if (msgValue != 0) revert AMOUNT_MISMATCH();

    return true;
}
```

[Transfer.sol - Lines 43 - 64](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/core/libraries/Transfer.sol#L43-L64)

The `_transferAmountsFrom` function of the `Transfer` contract transfers the tokens (NATIVE or ERC20) to multiple addresses inside the loop and this approach is unsafe for multiple reasons here (see the impact section):

## Impact

1. If the `_token` is `NATIVE`, then it transfers the ETH to multiple addresses and if any address `reject` to accept the `ether` then it will revert the whole transaction, which will affect all the other addresses because due to single address other addresses will also not be able to receive the `ether`.

2. If the `_token` is not `NATIVE`, then it transfers the ERC20 tokens to multiple addresses (this protocol works with all ERC20 tokens) and we are all aware of that some tokens such as `USDC`, and `USDT` contains the admin level controlled address blocklist. If any of the `to` or `from` will be blacklist by these types of tokens then the whole transaction will revert and it will affect all the other addresses.

3. If the address does not approve the contract or does not have enough funds then also the transaction will revert and affect all the addresses.

```solidity
function _transferAmount(
    address _token,
    address _to,
    uint256 _amount
) internal {
    if (_token == NATIVE) {
        SafeTransferLib.safeTransferETH(_to, _amount);
    } else {
        SafeTransferLib.safeTransfer(_token, _to, _amount);
    }
}
```

[Transfer.sol - Lines 87 - 93](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/core/libraries/Transfer.sol#L87-L93)

Also the `_transferAmount` function of the `Transfer` contract has the same issue. It itself does not contain any loop to trnasfer to multiple addresses but it is used inside the loops in other contracts on these locations:

1. [DonationVotingMerkleDistributionBaseStrategy.sol - Line 793](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/donation-voting-merkle-base/DonationVotingMerkleDistributionBaseStrategy.sol#L793): `_distributeSingle` function is used in `_distribute` function where loop is used to tranfer to multiple addresses togather but for any blocklist address/contract not receiving ethers, all others will not be able to get funds and this function will revert.

2. [QVBaseStrategy.sol - Line 456](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/qv-base/QVBaseStrategy.sol#L456): `_distribute` function itself transfering inside the loop.

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

To overcome these limitations the Pull Over Push technique has been proposed that isolates each external call and shifts the risk of failure from the contract to the user. Due to the isolation of the transfers, no other transfers or contract logic have to rely on its successful execution.

**Applicability**

Use the Pull over Push pattern when

1. you want to handle multiple ether transfers with one function call.
2. you want to avoid taking the risk associated with ether transfers.
3. there is an incentive for your users to handle ether withdrawal on their own.

The detail guide can be found here [Pull Over Push Pattern](https://fravoll.github.io/solidity-patterns/pull_over_push.html) which demostrate how sending ether to multiple address can create issues and how you can overcome it.