Decent Brunette Aphid

high

# The Anchor.sol sets up the registry with an incorrect address
When `Anchor.sol` was deployed and the registry is configured with a wrong address. Therefore, the owner will never be able to call `Anchor.execute()` correctly, because it will always fail, since the function does not exist for the implemented address and if someone sends funds they will be lost forever.

## Vulnerability Detail
When the owner tries to create a profile using `Registry.createProfile()` in the `Registry.sol`, the `_generateAnchor()` function is called internally and CREATE3 is implemented using the solady library to deploy the Anchor associated with the owner's `profileId`.

This implementation works fine so far. Then, when the `Anchor.so`l contract is deployed, the constructor is called. Next, this statement is executed within the constructor:

```solidity
registry = Registry(msg.sender);
```
The protocol expected `msg.sender` to be `Registry.sol`, since the deploy call is made by `Registry.sol`. But this address is not. But rather the temporary creation context created by the CREATE3.deploy function.

 Therefore, the address of `Registry` in `Anchor.sol` is neither the Implementer nor the EOA of the owner caller.

You can prove this is correct using this test:

```solidity
pragma solidity 0.8.19;

import "forge-std/Test.sol";
import {Anchor} from "../../../contracts/core/Anchor.sol";
import {Registry} from "../../../contracts/core/Registry.sol";
import {Metadata} from "../../../contracts/core/libraries/Metadata.sol";

contract RegistryTest is Test {

    function setUp() public {
        registry = new Registry();
        registry.initialize(msg.sender);
    }

    function test_isNotSetRegistry() public {
        vm.deal(bob,1000 ether);
        vm.startPrank(bob);
        Metadata memory metadata = Metadata({protocol: 1, pointer: "test metadata"});
        address[] memory emptyArray = new address[](0);
        bytes32 profileId = registry.createProfile(0,"test", metadata,address(bob),emptyArray);
        Registry.Profile memory profile = registry.getProfileById(profileId);
        address  payable anchorAddress = payable(profile.anchor);
        anchor = Anchor(anchorAddress);
        
        assertTrue(address(registry) != address((anchor.registry())));
    }
}
```
Giving confirmed proof that the addresses are not the same.
 
## Impact
`Anchor.sol` can never be used, funds can be received and how do they have the restriction of verifying if it is the owner and that person calls `Registry.sol`. Since it is not configured correctly it is never successful for the `Anchor.execute()` call. Thus, the funds will always remain blocked and will be lost.

The protocol logic for this implementation will not work.

The team called this contract a crucial utility within the Allo ecosystem, making it easier to execute calls to destination addresses. Noting how serious this issue is.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/core/Anchor.sol#L56

## Tool used

* Manual Review
* Foundry

## Recommendation

Consider explicitly passing them the `registry` address as arguments.

This way you can ensure that the `registry` has the absolutely correct address.

```diff
-   constructor(bytes32 _profileId) {
+   constructor(bytes32 _profileId, address registryAddress)
-     registry = Registry(msg.sender);
+     registry = Registry(registryAddress);
        profileId = _profileId;
    }

```