Merry Punch Caterpillar

medium

# Changing already-set milestones leads to paying incorrect amount

RFPSimpleStrategy.setMilestones() appends onto the `milestones` array instead of replacing what's already there. This means that calling setMilestones() a second time leaves the original milestones intact. If the pool owner changes the milestones and expects setMilestones() to behave as advertised, they will pay the wrong amount.

thelostone-mc from the protocol team said that it is intended that this method be callable multiple times, with each time replacing the previous milestones.

## Vulnerability Detail

1. The Foo project creates a pool and funds it to 100k USDC
2. The Foo project calls setMilestones, creating a single milestone of 100%. The `milestones` array currently looks like this

0: Milestone(1e18, Metadata(...), Status.NONE)

3. The Foo project decides they instead want to have a two-milestone system. They call setMilestones again with two milestones of 50% each.  They expect the `milestones` array to look like this:

0: Milestone(5e17, Metadata(...), Status.NONE)
1: Milestone(5e17, Metadata(...), Status.NONE)

HOWEVER, because of a bug in setMilestones, it actually looks like this

0: Milestone(1e18, Metadata(...), Status.NONE)
1: Milestone(5e17, Metadata(...), Status.NONE)
2: Milestone(5e17, Metadata(...), Status.NONE)

4. Either one of the following happens:
4a. The protocol team does not realize that setMilestones() is broken. They believe that Milestone 0 is for 50%. The RFP winner submits her first milestone, and the team approves and pays, and then discovers she was paid 100% instead of 50%
4b. The protocol team does realize that setMilestones() is broken. They withdraw all funds and start over with a new pool, but in the meantime have lost the (quite substantial) fees needed to fund the pool.

## Impact

With innocuous usage, someone can get paid too much for their milestone.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/rfp-simple/RFPSimpleStrategy.sol#L227-L241

Pay particular attention to the `milestones.push()` call.

```solidity
function setMilestones(Milestone[] memory _milestones) external onlyPoolManager(msg.sender) {
        if (upcomingMilestone != 0) revert MILESTONES_ALREADY_SET();

        uint256 totalAmountPercentage;

        // Loop through the milestones and add them to the milestones array
        uint256 milestonesLength = _milestones.length;
        for (uint256 i; i < milestonesLength;) {
            totalAmountPercentage += _milestones[i].amountPercentage;
            milestones.push(_milestones[i]);

            unchecked {
                i++;
            }
        }
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Clear the milestones array at the start of setMilestones()