Dandy Lavender Wombat

high

# Allocator in ` QVSimpleStrategy` can vote infinite number of times because the number of already allocated voice credits are not updated
An allocator can allocate an infinite number of voice credits since the number of voice credits that he has already allocated is not tracked.


## Vulnerability Detail

In `QVSimpleStrategy` users that are whitelisted as allocators can allocate voice credits to potential recipients to influence the % of the pool a recipient will get. The max number of voice credits that an allocator can allocate is determined by the variable `maxVoiceCreditsPerAllocator`. When allocating new voice credits, it is first checked in `_hasVoiceCreditsLeft()`, if the sum of voice credits an user has already allocated and the number of voice credits the user wants to allocate now exceeds `maxVoiceCreditsPerAllocator`. If it does, the function reverts. This is implemented to make sure that every user can only allocate a fixed max number of credits. The problem is that the number of already allocated credits by a user is not updated when allocating voice credits. This means a user can allocate an infinite number of voice credits as long as he does not allocate more than `maxVoiceCreditsPerAllocator` each time.

## Impact

Any allocator can allocate an infinite number of voice credits which renders the `maxVoiceCreditsPerAllocator` useless and enables allocators to manipulate the votes in favour of their preferred recipient.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/6430c8004017e96ae2f5aac365bdefd0b6eeea72/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/qv-simple/QVSimpleStrategy.sol#L107-L124

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/6430c8004017e96ae2f5aac365bdefd0b6eeea72/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/qv-simple/QVSimpleStrategy.sol#L144-L152

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/6430c8004017e96ae2f5aac365bdefd0b6eeea72/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/qv-base/QVBaseStrategy.sol#L506-L534



## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Increase the amount of voice credits an allocator has already allocated each time he calls _allocate.