Mini Garnet Squirrel

high

# Allocators in `QVSimpleStrategy.sol` can allocate multiple times
In the `QVSimpleStrategy.sol` contract, allocators can allocate votes to a recipient repeatedly, potentially exceeding the `maxVoiceCreditsPerAllocator` threshold. The issue arises from the fact that the variable `allocators[_sender].voiceCredits` does not get updated in the code, resulting in it always being 0.
 

## Vulnerability Detail
The vulnerability exists in the `QVSimpleStrategy.sol` and `QVBaseStrategy.sol` contracts, which allow allocators to allocate votes to recipients. The `maxVoiceCreditsPerAllocator` is intended to serve as a threshold, limiting the number of votes an allocator can assign to a recipient. However, the issue arises because there is no mechanism in place to update the variable `allocators[_sender].voiceCredits`, which is supposed to keep track of the allocated votes given by an allocator to a recipient.

This vulnerability becomes evident when the `_allocate` function is called. The code performs checks, including whether the allocator has voice credits left to allocate. However, the `allocator.voiceCredits` variable is never updated during the allocation process, rendering it ineffective. As a result, allocators can repeatedly allocate votes to one or multiple recipients without reaching the intended threshold limit

this check `if (!_hasVoiceCreditsLeft(voiceCreditsToAllocate, allocator.voiceCredits)) revert INVALID();` 
```solidity
function _hasVoiceCreditsLeft(uint256 _voiceCreditsToAllocate, uint256 _allocatedVoiceCredits)
        internal
        view
        override
        returns (bool)
    {
        return _voiceCreditsToAllocate + _allocatedVoiceCredits <= maxVoiceCreditsPerAllocator;
    }
 ```   
is used to check if allocator  has Voice Credits Left to allocate but `allocator.voiceCredits` is always 0 because it did not get update during call to internal function
`_qv_allocate(allocator, recipient, recipientId, voiceCreditsToAllocate, _sender);`.


As a result, allocators can repeatedly allocate votes to one or multiple recipients without reaching threshold limit.
## Impact
This vulnerability allows allocators to allocate votes infinitely, bypassing the intended constraint set by `maxVoiceCreditsPerAllocator`. It could lead to an unfair distribution of votes and undermine the integrity of the voting system within the strategy. It can also have financial implications, as recipients receiving large votes may receive a disproportionately large share of pool funds.
```solidity
function _getPayout(address _recipientId, bytes memory)
        internal
        view
        virtual
        override
        returns (PayoutSummary memory)
    {
        Recipient memory recipient = recipients[_recipientId];

        // Calculate the payout amount based on the percentage of total votes
        uint256 amount;
        if (!paidOut[_recipientId] && totalRecipientVotes != 0) {
            amount = poolAmount * recipient.totalVotesReceived / totalRecipientVotes;
        }
        return PayoutSummary(recipient.recipientAddress, amount);
    }
   ```

## Code Snippet

```solidity 
function _allocate(bytes memory _data, address _sender) internal virtual override {
        (address recipientId, uint256 voiceCreditsToAllocate) = abi.decode(_data, (address, uint256));

        // spin up the structs in storage for updating
        Recipient storage recipient = recipients[recipientId];
        Allocator storage allocator = allocators[_sender];

        // check that the sender can allocate votes
        if (!_isValidAllocator(_sender)) revert UNAUTHORIZED();

        // check that the recipient is accepted
        if (!_isAcceptedRecipient(recipientId)) revert RECIPIENT_ERROR(recipientId);

        // check that the recipient has voice credits left to allocate
        if (!_hasVoiceCreditsLeft(voiceCreditsToAllocate, allocator.voiceCredits)) revert INVALID();

        _qv_allocate(allocator, recipient, recipientId, voiceCreditsToAllocate, _sender);
    }
```
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/6430c8004017e96ae2f5aac365bdefd0b6eeea72/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/qv-simple/QVSimpleStrategy.sol#L107
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
it is recommended to implement a mechanism that updates the `allocators[_sender].voiceCredits` variable when allocators allocate votes.