Spicy Canvas Gazelle

high

# QVSimpleStrategy.sol: `allocator.voiceCredits` is never updated

QVSimpleStrategy.sol: `allocator.voiceCredits` is never updated. This is used in the function `_hasVoiceCreditsLeft` to check if they have votes left, but this value is never updated, so the limit is never hit.

## Vulnerability Detail

The function `_allocate` in `QVSimpleStrategy.sol` is used to allcoate votes for a recipient. This is done using quadratic voting. In the `_allocate` function, first the caller is checked to make sure they are eligibile to vote. Then the function `_hasVoiceCreditsLeft` is called to check if the voter has any voting credits left. If so, they can assign their votes to a specific recipient.

```solidity
function _allocate(bytes memory _data, address _sender) internal virtual override {

    // check that the recipient has voice credits left to allocate
    if (!_hasVoiceCreditsLeft(voiceCreditsToAllocate, allocator.voiceCredits)) revert INVALID();
    _qv_allocate(allocator, recipient, recipientId, voiceCreditsToAllocate, _sender);
}
```

Any allocator can allocate some of their votes to any eligible recipient. The function `_hasVoiceCreditsLeft` makes sure that a single allocator does not put in more votes than the max limit.

```solidity
function _hasVoiceCreditsLeft(uint256 _voiceCreditsToAllocate, uint256 _allocatedVoiceCredits)
        internal
        view
        override
        returns (bool)
    {
        return _voiceCreditsToAllocate + _allocatedVoiceCredits <= maxVoiceCreditsPerAllocator;
    }
```

For this check, the `allocator.voiceCredits` is used. However, the issue is that after a vote, this `allocator.voiceCredits` is not updated to reflect the votes put in. The allocator struct is updated in the `_qv_allocate` function. The update steps are shown below.

```solidity
voteResult -= votesCastToRecipient;
totalRecipientVotes += voteResult;
_recipient.totalVotesReceived += voteResult;

_allocator.voiceCreditsCastToRecipient[_recipientId] += totalCredits;
_allocator.votesCastToRecipient[_recipientId] += voteResult;
```

Only the `voiceCreditsCastToRecipient` and `votesCastToRecipient` are updated. The `allocator.voiceCredits` is not updated. This means the `_hasVoiceCreditsLeft`
function will always return true, since `allocateor.voiceCredits` is always 0.

## Impact

The `maxVoiceCreditsPerAllocator` check is never done. Allocators can vote multiple times for recipients without any upper limit.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/qv-base/QVBaseStrategy.sol#L506-L534

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Update `allocator.voiceCredits` when the other fields are being updated.

```solidity
allocator.voiceCredits += totalCredits;
```