Dandy Lavender Wombat

high

# In `QVSimpleStrategy.reviewRecipients()` the last review that matches or crosses the `reviewThreshold` will determine the final status of the recipient
 Not the most votes for a particular status determine the final status of a recipient but the last status that matches or crosses the `reviewThreshold`


## Vulnerability Detail

In ` QVSimpleStrategy ` to ensure additional safety, multiple poolManagers need to review one applicant before he can be accepted. The number of revies to a particular recommendation (accepted or rejected ) must be equal or exceed the set `reviewThreshold`. This safeguard it in place to make sure that multiple poolManager take a look at the same recipient. The problem arises from the way the status of a recipient is changed when a poolManager revies him. The number of `reviewsByStatus` for the review the poolManager is giving for the recipient is increased by one and then it is checked if the increased number is `>=  reviewThreshold`. If so the status of the recipient is change to the status that is given by the poolManager. This means that even if more poolManager “vote” for a recipient to be rejected, he will be accepted if the last manager reviewing the recipient “votes” for accepted and the number of  `reviewsByStatus` is `>=  reviewThreshold`.

Example:

Alice registers as a repipient in a QVSimpleStrategy. The `reviewThreshold` is set to 2 and already 5 poolManager have “voted” for Allice to be `accepted` but only one `voted` for Alice to be `rejected`. The status of Alice is currently set to `accepted`. Now Bob revies Alice and “votes” for `rejected` increasing Alice’s `reviewsByStatus` to 2. Since this 2 votes are `>=  reviewThreshold`, the status of Alice is changed to `rejected` even though more poolManager “voted” for Alice to be accepted.


## Impact

Recipients that should have been rejected/accepted will end up being accepted/rejected even so they should have not been. 

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/6430c8004017e96ae2f5aac365bdefd0b6eeea72/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/qv-base/QVBaseStrategy.sol#L254-L288


## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

When the number of `reviewsByStatus` for a particular status becomes `>=  reviewThreshold`, compare the number of `reviewsByStatus` of the current vote with the number of `reviewsByStatus` of the recipients current status. If the number of `reviewsByStatus` of the current vote is bigger than the number of `reviewsByStatus` of the recipients current status, then change the status, otherwise keep the recipients status the same. 