Furry Cider Panda

medium

# QVSimpleStrategy should add withdraw function for pool manager to prevent the recipient address from being blacklisted
## Summary

In QVSimpleStrategy and the base class QVBaseStrategy, there is no `withdraw` function provided for the pool manager to withdraw the remaining funds in the contract. If the token is USDC/USDT, which have blacklisted mechanism. If a recipientAddress is blacklisted, transferring to such an address will definitely revert. It is the recipient's own problem that recipientAddress is blacklisted. However, t**hese funds belong to investors and should be withdrawn and returned to them**.

## Vulnerability Detail

After the allocation ends, PoolManager can distribute the token to the recipients through [[Allo.distribute](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/core/Allo.sol#L383-L385)](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/core/Allo.sol#L383-L385). Its flow is as follows:

```flow
Allo.distribute
  BaseStrategy.distribute
    QVBaseStrategy._distribute
```

In `_distribute`, the payout of each recipient is calculated by `_getPayout`.

```solidity
File: contracts\strategies\qv-base\QVBaseStrategy.sol
436:     function _distribute(address[] memory _recipientIds, bytes memory, address _sender)
......
443:         uint256 payoutLength = _recipientIds.length;
444:         for (uint256 i; i < payoutLength;) {
445:             address recipientId = _recipientIds[i];
446:             Recipient storage recipient = recipients[recipientId];
447: 
448:->           PayoutSummary memory payout = _getPayout(recipientId, "");
449:->           uint256 amount = payout.amount;
......
455:             IAllo.Pool memory pool = allo.getPool(poolId);
456:->           _transferAmount(pool.token, recipient.recipientAddress, amount);
......
464:         }
465:     }
```

L456, if pool.token is USDC/USDT and `recipient.recipientAddress` is blacklisted, `_transferAmount` will revert.

For simplicity, after the allocation ends, pool.token is USDC and poolAmount is 100,000e6. There are a total of 2 recipients (A and B), and they received the same number of votes. Therefore both A and B should get 50,000e6 USDC.

1.  The pool manager calls `distribute` for A. So, A gets 50,000e6 USDC.
2.  The pool manager calls `distribute` for B. This tx will revert since B.recipientAddress is blacklisted. So, 50,000e6 USDC will be stuck in contract forever.

## Impact

Since the current implementation of QVSimpleStrategy does not provide a withdraw function for the pool manager, if the above situation occurs, the token will be stuck in the contract. This is investors' funds and should be able to be withdrawn back to them.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/qv-base/QVBaseStrategy.sol#L456

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Add the `withdraw` function for the pool manager. In this way, the pool manager can withdraw token stuck in contract, then manually return them to investors.