Original Sky Buffalo

high

# Missing access control on `setPoolActive()` in RFPSimpleStrategy.sol
Anyone can toggle activate/deactivate the pool using an external function  `setPoolActive` in [RFPSimpleStrategy.sol](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/rfp-simple/RFPSimpleStrategy.sol#L219). This could disrupt the operations of a pool in a short to medium term.

## Vulnerability Detail
`RFPSimpleStrategy.sol` implements a `setPoolActive` function which is supposed to be manager only. However it lacks any access control and anyone can call it. It affects `RFPSimpleStrategy` and `RFPCommitteeStrategy` that derives from it. 
While deactivating a pool is not permanent, it could allow anyone to disrupt normal operations of a pool as it could be deactivated anytime by anyone. Due it, the pool operations may be sabotaged and delayed as long as malicious actor will continue to turning the pool off or on.

## Impact
High likelihood that any external user can manipulate state of the pool by setting it active or not. Pool operations may be sabotaged and delayed as long as malicious actor will continue to turning the pool off. Operations that relies on pool state:

- `RFPSimpleStrategy::withdraw` (inactive)
- `RFPSimpleStrategy::_registerRecipient` (active)
- `RFPSimpleStrategy::_allocate` (active)
- `RFPSimpleStrategy::_distribute` (inactive)

So essentially with a determined attacker, these pool operations (which are the key ones) could be disrupted. It's a medium impact and high probability (as attack is simple and anyone can perform it even for "fun")

## Code Snippet

**RFPSimpleStrategy.sol**:
```solidity

   /// @notice Toggle the status between active and inactive.
    /// @dev 'msg.sender' must be a pool manager to close the pool. Emits a 'PoolActive()' event.
    /// @param _flag The flag to set the pool to active or inactive
    function setPoolActive(bool _flag) external { //@audit missing access control
        _setPoolActive(_flag);
        emit PoolActive(_flag);
    }
```
**BaseStrategy.sol**:
```solidity
    /// @notice Set the pool to active or inactive status.
    /// @dev This will emit a 'PoolActive()' event. Used by the strategy implementation.
    /// @param _active The status to set, 'true' means active, 'false' means inactive
    function _setPoolActive(bool _active) internal {
        poolActive = _active;
        emit PoolActive(_active);
    }

```

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add a suitable modifier to allow manager only access, e.g.
```solidity
function setPoolActive(bool _flag) external onlyPoolManager(msg.sender) {
```