Polished Linen Butterfly

high

# Unauthorized Access to Pool State

The `setPoolActive` function in the `RFPSimpleStrategy.sol` smart contract `(lines 219-222)` has a vulnerability that allows any user to manipulate the state of the pool, which can lead to critical security risks. As mentioned in the comments, 'msg.sender' must be a pool manager.

## Vulnerability Detail

The `setPoolActive` function does not have proper access control, which means that any user can call this function and open or close the pool at will. The `poolActive` boolean parameter is used in modifiers `onlyActivePool` and `onlyInactivePool` from `BaseStrategy.sol`, which are, in turn, used in critical functions such as `_registerRecipient`, `_allocate`, `withdraw`, and `_distribute`.

## Impact

The impact of this vulnerability is severe. A malicious actor can frontrun, manipulate, and disrupt the protocol by opening and closing the pool whenever they desire. This manipulation can potentially lead to financial losses and instability within the protocol, affecting all participants.

## Code Snippet

`RFPSimpleStrategy.sol`

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/6430c8004017e96ae2f5aac365bdefd0b6eeea72/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/rfp-simple/RFPSimpleStrategy.sol#L216-L222

```solidity
    /// @notice Toggle the status between active and inactive.
    /// @dev 'msg.sender' must be a pool manager to close the pool. Emits a 'PoolActive()' event.
    /// @param _flag The flag to set the pool to active or inactive
    function setPoolActive(bool _flag) external {
        _setPoolActive(_flag);
        emit PoolActive(_flag);
    }
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

To mitigate this issue, it is strongly recommended to implement proper access control in the `setPoolActive` function. Access should be restricted to authorized pool managers only. This can be achieved by modifying the function for example:

```solidity
    function setPoolActive(bool _flag) external onlyPoolManager {
        _setPoolActive(_flag);
        emit PoolActive(_flag);
    }
```

where `PoolManager` is `msg.sender`.