Deep Grape Narwhal

high

# RFPSimpleStrategy.setPoolActive() does not have any relevant access control
 RFPSimpleStrategy.setPoolActive() does not have any relevant access control 

## Vulnerability Detail
RFPSimpleStrategy.setPoolActive()  is used to set the pool to active or inactive,  there are several functions within the contract that depend on the state of the pool (active or inactive).

For example 
_registerRecipient()   requires the pool to be active to Submit a proposal to RFP pool

 _allocate()   requires the pool to be active to allocate funds to recipients who accept them.

 _distribute()  requires the pool to be inactive to distribute the upcoming milestone to acceptedRecipientId.

withdraw()   requires the pool to be inactive to withdraw funds from pool.

According to the documentation at https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/rfp-simple/README.md#sequence-diagram, this function can only be called by poolmanager , and the comment also clearly state that 'msg.sender' must be a pool manager to close the pool. https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/6430c8004017e96ae2f5aac365bdefd0b6eeea72/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/rfp-simple/RFPSimpleStrategy.sol#L217


## Impact
Malicious users can perform Front Running：
1. activate the pool to deter the poolmanager withdraw funds from pool.
2. close the pool to deter submit a proposal to RFP pool
3. activate the pool to deter the poolmanager distribute the upcoming milestone to acceptedRecipientId.

The poolmanager can not withdraw and distribute the funds leads to funds to be locked into the contract,and the function of the protocol has been severely disrupted.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/6430c8004017e96ae2f5aac365bdefd0b6eeea72/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/rfp-simple/RFPSimpleStrategy.sol#L219

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
function setPoolActive(bool _flag) external onlyPoolManager(msg.sender) {
        _setPoolActive(_flag);
        emit PoolActive(_flag);
    }