Glamorous Amber Trout

medium

# Missing Access Control in RFPSimpleStrategy:setPoolActive()
The bug in the `RFPSimpleStrategy:setPoolActive()` function relates to missing access control, potentially allowing unauthorized/any users to activate or deactivate the pool. To fix this, we can modifiers or role-based permissions.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/rfp-simple/RFPSimpleStrategy.sol#L219

## Vulnerability Detail
According to @dev `'msg.sender' must be a pool manager to close the pool. Emits a 'PoolActive()' event.`
It arises when the smart contract lacks proper authorization checks, allowing any address to activate or deactivate a pool. This can lead to unauthorized users manipulating the pool's active status, potentially disrupting its intended functionality. To address this vulnerability, implement access control mechanisms like modifiers or roles to restrict access to this critical function, ensuring that only authorized administrators or contracts can change the pool's active state.

## Impact
The missing access control bug in "RFPSimpleStrategy:setPoolActive()" can have a detrimental impact. Unauthorized individuals can manipulate pool activation, potentially leading to financial losses, data integrity issues, and reputational harm. This bug poses risks, including unauthorized access to assets, potential legal violations, and damage to the project's reputation. 

## Code Snippet
```solidity
-- function setPoolActive(bool _flag) external {
++ function setPoolActive(bool _flag) external onlyPoolManager(msg.sender){
        _setPoolActive(_flag);
        emit PoolActive(_flag);
    }
```

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Use `onlyPoolManager(msg.sender)` modifier in setPoolActive()