Sneaky Tan Hippo

medium

# Lack of access control for setting pool state in RFPSimpleStrategy allows bricking of contract

The `setPoolActive` function allows anyone to change whether the pool is active or not. This allows an attacker to alter `poolActive` to serve their purpose. For example, in the general flow of the RFPSimpleStrategy contract, `_allocate` can only be called when the pool is active. A malicious user can simply call `setPoolActive` with the value of `false` to brick this functionality. 

Additionally, it is clear in the natspec comments for this function that the intention is for it to only be called by a pool manager.

## Vulnerability Detail

The `setPoolActive` function is defined as follows:
```solidity
function setPoolActive(bool _flag) external {
	_setPoolActive(_flag);
	emit PoolActive(_flag);
}
```
As can be seen, there is no access control, meaning any user is able to set this state. 

One issue which arises because of this is due to the fact that `_allocate`, which is used to select the winner, requires that the pool is active. Therefore, a malicious user can DOS this function by simply calling `setPoolActive` with a value of `false`. They can continue to do this even if another user attempts to reset it.

## Impact

Lack of access control for the `setPoolActive` function allows a malicious user to brick the logic of the RFPSimpleStrategy contract.

## Code Snippet

Referenced lines of code:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/rfp-simple/RFPSimpleStrategy.sol#L219-L222

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

The `setPoolActive` function of the RFPSimpleStrategy should have a modifier which makes it only callable by a pool manager.