Broad Aquamarine Pony

high

# absence of modificator onlyPoolManager(msg.sender) in function _setPoolActive cause that function can be called by anyone, so anyone can close or open pool.

This vulnerability is due to the absence of the `onlyPoolManager` modifier in the `setPoolActive` function. This function is used to toggle the status of the pool between active and inactive.  Any address can call this function.

## Vulnerability Detail

Without the `onlyPoolManager` modifier, any address can call this function and change the status of the pool. This could potentially allow malicious actors to disrupt the normal operation of the pool by arbitrarily closing or opening it. 
Since this function can be called by anyone, the protocol may be disrupted.

## Impact

An attacker can interfere with the protocol by switching the pool state from active to inactive and vice versa. If the pool is not active and the attacker switches its state to active, it will prevent the `distribute` and `withdraw` functions from working. If the pool is active and an attacker switches it to a inactive state, this will prevent the `allocate` function from working.  Constant state switching can make the protocol impossible to work and lead to significant time losses.

## Code Snippet

[function setPoolActive(bool _flag) external {
        _setPoolActive(_flag);
        emit PoolActive(_flag);
    }](https://github.com/allo-protocol/allo-v2/blob/0b881ef4a0013d2809374c9ea69f4cf1288dfe62/contracts/strategies/rfp-simple/RFPSimpleStrategy.sol#L219C1-L222C1)

## Tool used

None

## Manual Review

Any user can change the state of a pool from active to inactive and vice versa. 

## Recommendation

A missing modifier 'onlyPoolManager' should be added to function `setPoolActive`.