Ambitious Brick Ladybug

medium

# Recipient data may be manipulated through front-running
The protocol allows users to register as recipients and update recipient data. The `_registerRecipient` and `_allocate` functions provide ways to manage these recipients and their proposal bids. However, there is a vulnerability that allows a malicious user to front-run the pool manager's call to `_allocate`, potentially modifying the `proposalBid` in case of RPFSimpleStrategy and `metadata` in case of QVBaeStrategy contract, that are later used for the distribution.

## Vulnerability Detail
The `_registerRecipient` function allows users to register as recipients and also to update some data of existing recipients. When the `useRegistryAnchor` is not set, users outside from profile can register. The `_allocate` in RPFSimpleStrategy and `reviewRecipients` in QVBaseStrategy allows a pool manager to set the recipient's status to Accepted. 
A malicious user can exploit this by observing when a pool manager is about to execute `_allocate`/`reviewRecipients` and front-running that transaction with a call to `registerRecipient` to maliciously change the proposalBid or metadata. 

## Impact
Malicious recipients can be mistakenly accepted by the pool manager.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/rfp-simple/RFPSimpleStrategy.sol#L314-L380
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/qv-base/QVBaseStrategy.sol#L369-L430
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
In order to protect against front-running, revert the transaction if the `recipientStatus` is set to `Pending`, or implement a time-lock mechanism that allows recipient data to be changed only once per a specified time period.