Fierce Pearl Falcon

high

# Exploitable Matching Fund Allocation in Donation Voting
## Summary

Recipients within the Donation Voting pool can manipulate the system to unfairly garner a larger share of matching funds.

## Vulnerability Detail

In Donation Voting strategies, recipients can accept donations from any address during the allocation period.

                function _allocate(bytes memory _data, address _sender) internal virtual override onlyActiveAllocation { 

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/donation-voting-merkle-base/DonationVotingMerkleDistributionBaseStrategy.sol#L640

Here's how the strategy operates:

                The amounts sent using allocate are not simply donations, they represent "votes" and the pool amount represents the matching amount. After the allocation happened, the votes are evaluated using an off chain calculation. And based on that calculation the pool amount gets distributed to the recipients.

Donations can either be directly transferred to the recipients  (DonationVotingMerkleDistributionDirectTransferStrategy) or claimed  (DonationVotingMerkleDistributionVaultStrategy) without any associated fees.

A rogue recipient could exploit this by creating multiple addresses and funneling large donations to themselves, thereby inflating their share of the matching pool without any risk.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/donation-voting-merkle-distribution-direct-transfer/DonationVotingMerkleDistributionDirectTransferStrategy.sol#L45-L74
                
## Impact

The loophole allows any recipient to game the system and secure a disproportionate share of the matching funds, disadvantaging other legitimate recipients.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/donation-voting-merkle-base/DonationVotingMerkleDistributionBaseStrategy.sol#L640

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/donation-voting-merkle-distribution-direct-transfer/DonationVotingMerkleDistributionDirectTransferStrategy.sol#L45-L74

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Options:

- implementing a whitelist of approved addresses that can participate in the _allocate function.
- impose a donation fee to raise the cost of carrying out such manipulation.