Energetic Seafoam Oyster

medium

# Privileged administrator function lacks access control
## Summary
Access Control issues are common in all programs, not just smart contracts. One usually accesses a contract's functionality through its public or external functions.

Access controls define the restrictions around privileges and roles of users in an application.

## Vulnerability Detail
The consequences of neglecting access control can be disastrous. Without proper checks, unauthorized users can gain unrestricted access to sensitive functionalities, such as minting or burning tokens, altering critical contract parameters, or even transferring ownership. This unrestricted access can lead to unauthorized creation or destruction of tokens, theft of user funds, or manipulation of contract behavior.

Missed Modifier Validations — It is important to have access control validations on critical functions

Access control vulnerabilities have high exploitation potential. Malicious actors actively search for contracts with weak or absent access controls to exploit them for personal gain. Once a vulnerability is discovered, the attacker can execute unauthorized operations

The `setPoolActive()` function is external and no restrictions are applied on it


## Impact
Missing modifier on a function allows an attacker to use sensitive functionality in the contract. (Anyone can activate or inactive the pool) 


## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/rfp-simple/RFPSimpleStrategy.sol?plain=1#L219
```solidity
    function setPoolActive(bool _flag) external {
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Implementing proper access control mechanisms involves using modifiers, conditionals, or external role-based contracts to restrict function execution to authorized entities.

Always specify a modifier for functions.

To fix this issue, you should use the onlyowner modifier to restrict access to the function so that only the current owner can call it.

```solidity
modifier onlyowner {
    require(msg.sender == owner);
    _;
}
```

```solidity
    function setPoolActive(bool _flag) external onlyowner{
        _setPoolActive(_flag);
        emit PoolActive(_flag);
    }
```
