Glamorous Hazelnut Haddock

high

# Accepted recipient can manipulate amount received for a milestone in `RFPSimpleStrategy`
## Summary
Accepted recipient can increase the amount they receive for a milestone (compared to what they proposed) in `RFPSimpleStrategy` due to lack of access control on `setPoolActive` and lack of status check in `_distribute`.

## Vulnerability Detail
The proposal bid made by recipients is factored into the pool managers' decisions on which recipient to accept for funding. When a recipient proposal is chosen (allocated), the pool active state is set to false, disabling registrations and updates of existing registrations which should lock in the accepted recipient's `proposalBid`. The issue is there is no access control on `setPoolActive`, so the recipient (member of profile) can set the pool active state to `true` and increase their `proposalBid`, increasing the amount they will receive for an accepted milestone and breaking the proposed terms that the pool manager(s)  based their fund allocation decision on.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/6430c8004017e96ae2f5aac365bdefd0b6eeea72/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/rfp-simple/RFPSimpleStrategy.sol#L219-L222
```solidity
    function setPoolActive(bool _flag) external {
        _setPoolActive(_flag);
        emit PoolActive(_flag);
    }
```
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/6430c8004017e96ae2f5aac365bdefd0b6eeea72/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/BaseStrategy.sol#L276-L279
```solidity
    function _setPoolActive(bool _active) internal {
        poolActive = _active;
        emit PoolActive(_active);
    }
```
To guarantee at least one inflated payout, the following sequence could occur. Assume the accepted recipient's proposed bid is lower than the maximum bid (a lower proposed bid would make the proposal more attractive, potentially baiting pool managers).
- Pool manager calls `distribute` for the upcoming milestone which has been submitted.
- Recipient front runs this transaction with `setPoolActive(true)`, update to their registration with `proposalBid = maxBid` (ensuring it is less than `poolAmount`), and `setPoolActive(false)`
- [`distribute`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/6430c8004017e96ae2f5aac365bdefd0b6eeea72/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/rfp-simple/RFPSimpleStrategy.sol#L417-L450) executes with `recipient.proposalBid = maxBid > original bid`, so the calculated `amount` transferred to `recipient.recipientAddress` is greater than expected (for the pool manager(s)). This will execute as long as `amount <= poolAmount`. Note that there is no check for the accepted recipient's status, so it does not matter that `recipient.recipientStatus = Status.Pending`.

If this increase goes unnoticed, the recipient could overall receive significantly more than suggested by their initial proposal given sufficient funds in the pool. In the more likely case this is detected through emitted events, the recipient still receives more funding for the single milestone than expected, after which the pool manager(s) would change the accepted recipient. This one-off payment could be abused to receive inflated payment for the completion of one milestone, after which the recipient could bail from completing further milestones.

## Impact
Accepted recipients can inflate the amount they receive for completed milestones (potentially all funds in pool depending on `maxBid` and `milestone.amountPercentage`, breaking the terms that pool managers based their allocation decision on.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/6430c8004017e96ae2f5aac365bdefd0b6eeea72/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/rfp-simple/RFPSimpleStrategy.sol#L219-L222
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/6430c8004017e96ae2f5aac365bdefd0b6eeea72/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/BaseStrategy.sol#L276-L279
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/6430c8004017e96ae2f5aac365bdefd0b6eeea72/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/rfp-simple/RFPSimpleStrategy.sol#L417-L450

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider restricting `setPoolActive` to only pool managers.