Gorgeous Gingham Jay

high

# Loss of funds for users as there is no access control for the ‘setPoolActive’ function
## Summary

The modifier `onlyPoolManager(msg.sender)` is missing in the function `setPoolActive()` in contracts/strategies/rfp-simple/RFPSimpleStrategy.sol. This also affects the contract `RFPCommitteeStrategy` that inherits from it.

## Vulnerability Detail

A dev docstring indicates that the msg.sender must be a pool manager but there is no such check being done. This external function allows to change the state of the pool which should be a privileged operation.

## Impact

This can lead to fund loss, a few examples would be:
- Preventing the pool manager to pull out funds using `withdraw()`. 
- DDos main functionalities (Registration, Allocation, Distribution) by monitoring the mempool and switching between active and inactive pools.
- Favor which recipients are registered and block others from being registered, potentially stealing funds if the recipients are compromised. 

And even if the pool manager attempts to use `setPoolActive()` to switch back to the correct state, attacker can just monitor and counter at very low cost. The amount of funds at risks is the total amount of funds in the strategy.

## Code Snippet

[github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/rfp-simple/RFPSimpleStrategy.sol?plain=1#L219](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/rfp-simple/RFPSimpleStrategy.sol#L216-L222)

```solidity
    /// @notice Toggle the status between active and inactive.
    /// @dev 'msg.sender' must be a pool manager to close the pool. Emits a 'PoolActive()' event. (1)
    /// @param _flag The flag to set the pool to active or inactive
    function setPoolActive(bool _flag) external {
        _setPoolActive(_flag);
        emit PoolActive(_flag);
    }
```

(1) clearly states that the msg.sender must be a pool manager to close the pool. 

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

It is recommended to add `onlyPoolManager(msg.sender)` to fix the issue.