Decent Brunette Aphid

high

# Anyone can be set the pool to active or inactive in RFPSimpleStrategy
## Summary

Each strategy that the Allo protocol proposes for the distribution of the amount has a certain verification for the flow of adding those who receive and their allocation, and then their corresponding distribution, however, the condition that verifies this state can be activated/deactivated when it is not present in the correct state in the contract `RFPSimpleStrategy.sol`.

## Vulnerability Detail
If you want to use `RFPSimpleStrategy.sol` to distribute your funds, there is a public function accessible to anyone that can break the correct functionality.

In the RFPSimpleStrategy strategy, when `__RFPSimpleStrategy_init()` is initialized, it is marked as pool active and says this is required for the strategy to work and distribute funds.

This condition will be necessary if you want to register a recipient or use the allocation function, when the allocation function is called successfully, this status changes to "pool active" -> "pool deactivated".

This means that distribution or withdrawal funds are available to the manager, because this status is checked for the modifier when it tries to call these functions.

The problem is: there is no restriction for change this status manually. 

In the contract exist a function for set this condition was called `setPoolActive()`:

```solidity
    function setPoolActive(bool _flag) external {
        _setPoolActive(_flag);
        emit PoolActive(_flag);
    }
```
Then this function calls an internal function in the `BaseStrategy.sol` contract:

```solidity
    function _setPoolActive(bool _active) internal {
        poolActive = _active;
        emit PoolActive(_active);
    }
```
As you can see, anyone can call this function and change the behavior when it is not correct. If false, the pool is not active, if true, the pool can be active. 

That is, at any time, this can prevent the manager from accessing these functions if they are in the wrong state.

Therefore, any malicious actor can use this feature and set any status for the pool, it can prevent them from attacking the recipients and their allocate. In addition to preventing the contract from distributing or withdrawing funds.


## Impact

It impacts all the core functions of the protocol, if the pool is disabled when it shouldn't, the protocol cannot add the recipients by calling `registerRecipient()` or allocate the funds with `allocate()`, on the other hand, If the pool is active when it should not, the contract **funds cannot be distributed or withdrawn**.

A malicious actor can alter the correct functionality of every function of any clone of every project that has been deployed using this strategy.

In the case of the administrator, he can withdraw the fund even when the group receives the funds and the pool is not deactivated, he can change it manually.

If the function has the `onlyPoolManager` modifier implemented correctly, the manager has access to the same problem explained, it is known that the manageris trusted but he has restrictions on his operation, it must be ensured that the manager manages the pools correctly and they cannot do something that they do not they can do.

He could withdraw the funds even when it has been recorded who will receives and that the funds were allocated correctly. This shouldn't happen.


## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/rfp-simple/RFPSimpleStrategy.sol#L219-L222
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/BaseStrategy.sol#L276-L279

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

`setPoolActive()` should be active only for the pool manager as the code documentation says, but if the protocol wants to guarantee the correct flow, this function can be marked as internal. Since each function updates the state correctly.

This way, only the manager can "distribute" when the assignment is made and not before.

If you want to add an "emergency" `withdraw()` function for this strategy, add the necessary conditions (i.e DonationVotingMerkleDistributionBaseStrategy.sol contract in the withdraw() function) so that they are met in the correct situation and not when the contract may have recipients and the funds have been allocated.