Tart Holographic Lion

high

# `_qv_allocate` doesn't properly set `votesCastToRecipient`
## Summary

`_qv_allocate` in `QVBaseStrategy.sol` doesn't properly update `_allocator.voiceCreditsCastToRecipient`. 

## Vulnerability Detail

In `_qv_allocate` in `QVBaseStrategy.sol`, we see the following line:

`_allocator.voiceCreditsCastToRecipient[_recipientId] += totalCredits;`

However, `totalCredits` actually represents the total number of voice credits the allocator has allotted to the recipient thus far, including the amount it just allotted. So, the correct should be:

`_allocator.voiceCreditsCastToRecipient[_recipientId] = totalCredits;`

The fact that `+=` is used instead of `=` means that an allocator can exponentially increase the number of voice credits allotted to a recipient by constantly calling `allocate` (and thus the number of votes for that recipient increases drastically as well). As an example, let's say that every time the allocator calls `allocate`, they only attempt to allocate 1 voice credit. During the first call, `totalCredits` will be set to 1, the next time it will be set to 3 (1 + 2), then 7, then 15, etc. Notice the exponential increase. The number of votes for that recipient will increase drastically as well because we have the line:`uint256 voteResult = _sqrt(totalCredits * 1e18);`. By providing this extremely large amount of votes to a single recipient, the allocator can pretty much choose who receives almost all the funding. 

If we combine this with the other issue I mentioned (https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin-detectiveking123/issues/1) where the allocator can bypass `maxVoiceCreditsPerAllocator`, then note that the allocator also never has to worry about the `maxVoiceCreditsPerAllocator` limit while doing this exponential attack (though if `maxVoiceCreditsPerAllocator` is high enough they might not have to worry about it anyways). 

## Impact

Allocator can assign an extremely large amount of votes to a recipient, which pretty much means this recipient will get all the funding. 

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-Gitcoin/blob/main/allo-v2/contracts/strategies/qv-base/QVBaseStrategy.sol#L517-L529

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Use `_allocator.voiceCreditsCastToRecipient[_recipientId] = totalCredits;` instead of `_allocator.voiceCreditsCastToRecipient[_recipientId] += totalCredits;`
